The light blus bars represent the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean while the central bar represents the Florida peninsula, with a seafoam color in place of a  tandard green to represent land due to the aquatic elements of Florida's terrain witht he everglades and lakes surrounding Orlando. The gols star represents Orlando in the center of the peninsula. Gold star was used to tie into the glamour of the Orlando entertainment industry and the city's legacy as the citrus capital of the region. The star shape is used to represent the excitement of the entertainment industry as well, and it's shape outward points directing inward reflects Orlando's strength a tourism juggernaut, bringing people from all over the world to one location in order to experience the culture of the city.  Blue = Lake Eola and/or Disney Land ( Disney is largely responsible for the urbanization of Central Florida). Yellow = Oranges, sunshine, UCF (UCF also big part  f the city's growth). [The symbol] = The beltway, with I4 & 408 in middle I love graceful swans and beautiful swan boats at Lake Eola. To me, they represent the charm and beauti of City of Orlando. My iconic image of the swan  ymbolizes: Pride - Beauty - Nature Hello. I saw that the city was taking submissions for a new design for the city flag, and this is what I came up with. The orange semicircle at the bottom of the  lag symbolizes both Orlando's position as a seat of Orange County and its history in the citrus industry. It also represents a rising sun, symbolizing a bright future. Furthermore, it can also be seen to represent the dome shape of the Lake Eola fountain. The blue symbolizes a clear sky, indicating that the way to said future is completely clear, with no obstacles in sight, much like how on a clear day there are no clouds to obstruct the sun. The orange sphere in the middle of the design is in honor of Dr. Phillips and his orange groves, which played a major role in the development of the City of  rlando, and whose influence continues to impact the city. The orange is placed evenly between the deep blue borders on either side of the design, representing the unique placement of the City of Orlando, equidistant between the beautiful waters of the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. The white background represents the fact that there is always space in the City of Orlando for visitors and those who may wish to relocate to the City Beautiful! "I arrived in Orlando for the first time from a cold, gray northern winter as an young Airman who then had the good fortune to be based here for almost two years  efore going to Vietnam. I never forgot the gracious contrast of Orlando and after many years came back to capture those things that became so important to me… the sun, warm natural environment with the lush green landscape and the multitude of rippling lakes.  The inspiration for this flag design comes from this that is eternal for Orlando. I now am blessed to live near one of the many lakes and often witness the  ondrous collage of the morning sun rising itself from the forested horizon beyond a fluttering mirror of water. This flag is my interpretation of this event. The City of Orlando is also rising within this landscape. " My flag was designed using the colors orange, white, and blue. White was chosen to signify peace and blue to signify the numerous lakes. I have placed an orange  ircle in the center of the flag. This is to symbolize Orlando being in the center of Orange County. The City of Orlando has seen such tragedy within the last year. The well know foundation is the “hub” where vigils, marches and the City come together. The  ountain is the symbol of Orlando and now the background of it, is the rainbow. The rainbow symbolizes joining of citizen from all different walks of life. Upper left hand square contains 49 stars representing Pulse victims. Dark blue represents the officers & athletic team. Color purple represent the remaining  thletic team color. Orange represents Orange Co.  N/A N/A This design incorporates a simple field of purple, representative of the rich history of Orland and central Florida. On that field I have placed the Lake Eola  ountain, Orlando’s most recognizable landmark. Springing forth from the fountain is a rainbow of colors, a symbol of the diversity that makes Orlando a strong, vibrant community. While this design deviates from the prescribed number of colors utilized, I feel there can be no better representation of Orlando than the rainbow. "The large circle implies the letter O for Orlando. The circle represents equality, where no one is more prominent than another. In Native American culture the  ircle signifies family ties, closeness and protection. The horizontal line along the bottom implies a solid foundation while the left to right movement of the line coming off the circle evokes a feeling of progress. The Cabbage Palm (or Sabal Palmetto) is the official state tree of Florida. It grows in abundance and often wild in central Florida and is known to be very strong  nd hardy. " "The white bar represents Florida itself, with the blue on either side representing the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico. The green stripes represent the  eautiful flora of central Florida. The circle in the middle represents Orlando itself. Located at the heart, both literally and metaphorically, of Florida. A circle was chosen not only for the “O” in Orlando, but also to show as a community we are one. We come together to form an all-inclusive whole.  The choice of the diagonal bar takes design queues from the saltire in the current Florida Flag. P.S. Though I have been living in California for the past year, I was born and raised in Orlando. I am a proud UCF knight and University High School Cougar. I  ove the city of Orlando and can’t wait to have a flag we can all be proud of. " "The white bar represents Florida itself, with the blue on either side representing the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico. The green stripes represent the  eautiful flora of central Florida. The circle in the middle represents Orlando itself. Located at the heart, both literally and metaphorically, of Florida. A circle was chosen not only for the “O” in Orlando, but also to show as a community we are one. We come together to form an all-inclusive whole.  The choice of the diagonal bar takes design queues from the saltire in the current Florida Flag. P.S. Though I have been living in California for the past year, I was born and raised in Orlando. I am a proud UCF knight and University High School Cougar. I  ove the city of Orlando and can’t wait to have a flag we can all be proud of. " In my flag design, I used the fountain at Lake Eola as the main symbol. It is a very famous landmark and is used on our current flag and on the City of Orlando  ebsite. It is a major reason why Lake Eola is famous, and for that reason, I decided it was important enough to use as the center of the flag. The background is comprised of four differently colored stripes: green, orange, yellow, and red. The reason for this is to show Orlando’s diversity. Orlando is comprised of many different ethnicities and cultures, and I wanted to show that is accepts people of all colors. I used different colors to show different ethnicities. Silver (should be a neutral gray) gives the flag a soft undertone while the dominant blue color represents trust, stability and produces a calming effect. Where  lack is, it should be blue. 6 waves represent 6 districts, with center focus on our iconic fountain. White areas are the neutral gray color also. (Didn't want the whole paper filled with gray.) The simplistic two halves of the flag are Blue to represent the blue waters of our many lakes & the white represents our clear skies. The orange “O” represents  rlando both in the letter and the color to represent our citrus history. With this flag, I’ve decided to use a tricolor flag because a large majority of the citizens come from a background with three colors in their country’s flag, and   tricolor design is very simple. Green represents the wildlife and vast amounts of natures in the city. Green also represents the prosperous economy the city has from industries such a tourism, healthcare, and business. White represents peace in the city, as well as the swans in Lake Eola because swans represent love and we’re a loving community. Lastly, blue represents the lakes and rivers spread throughout the city. I have a dot showing the location of Orlando, in Orange County. Orange for Orange County because it’s Orange County. The fountain symbolizes the Fountain at Lake  ola. Went with the turquoise color for the fountain. And went the fountain because anyone who has seen the fountain knows its location in Downtown Orlando. The fountain is Orlando. I am showing a fountain for the fountain in Lake Eola and the turquoise color for the color of the fountain. The outline of four of the most recognizable  uildings in downtown in black. And the orange because Orlando is in Orange County. Submission #1  - Self explanatory (& the stars are just pretty). I'm sorry this one breaks the "no words" rule.   I hereby submit my designs for consideration. I  now the limit is 3 submissions, please [you] discard your least favorite one. After many years away I still consider Orlando my home. Generally speaking I usually denounce crowd-sourcing design projects but I could not help myself when I saw this contest announced. I hope you like the flags, apologies for breaking some of the Poman Mars’ flag design rules. Submission #2 - Lake Eola fountain as a hat. Submission #3 - Beefy King is an Orlando institution & should be represented in the new flag. Please. Submission #4 - Also mostly self explanatory. This one breaks the color rule but I feel that my design justifies breaking the rule. The Orange ring represents the letter “O”, and the color orange sands for Orange County. The blue heart stands for the deep love Orlandoans have for the city and  ach other. The blue triangles stand for the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. The ring & heart are off-center to suggest Orlando’s position on the Floridan peninsula. The orange sphere in the middle of the design is in honor of Dr. Phillips and his orange groves, which played a major role in the development of the City of  rlando, and whose influence continues to impact the city. The orange is placed evenly between the tan borders on either side of the design, representing the unique placement of the City of Orlando, equidistant between the beautiful beaches of the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico. The deep blue background represents the beautiful, blue sky which residents of the City of Orlando enjoy most every day of the year. N/A This is a very simplistic all white flag with an orange circle to represent Orlando and our citrus history and inside that orange circle are the five blue lines  hat represent the Lake Eola fountain. The design represents the color of the American flag (red, white & blue). The stick figures represents the diversity of Orlando’s citizens. The name of Orlando  overs the citizens. The word strong is what Orlando is built on, the strength of it’s diverse citizens. The fountain in center is Orlando’s symbol. This is a traditional flag with blue and white stripes that represent the blue waters of our lakes and the white representing our clear skies. The blue square has  n orange, orange to represent Orlando and our citrus history. The yellow sun represents Florida, and the position of the flag (coming from the lower left corner) represents rising – that the City of Orlando is rising as an  mportant southern city. The 6 spikes of the sun represent the districts that make up city council. The blue and white stripes also represent the districts with the 7th being the mayor, and the color implies the water that makes up so much of our geography. The yellow sun represents Florida. The central position on the flag represents Central Florida. The blue stripes implies water, as Orlando is geographically  etlands, and also that we are close to some of the world’s most famous beaches. Blue skies, green parks, blue lakes, orange sun, citrus, Orange County, and “O” for Orlando. As child can draw from memory, 3 colors! “O” for Orlando’s green parks, blue skies & lakes, sunshine orange/citrus & Orange County. A child can draw from memory, 3 colors! Blue lakes, green parks, setting & rising sun, the most iconic image of the Lake Eola Fountain, Orlando the City Beautiful. A child can draw from memory, 3 colors. When I think of Orlando, I think of sunshine and palm trees. Orlando is a second home to me and I also used to call it home as well. I love this city and think  he flag should emulate happiness. The colors and images I chose are symbols of instantly feeling an overwhelming sense of joy. There is no place in the world like Orlando; it deserves a flag that makes you want to smile. It is the city beautiful, and it will continue to shine on. My flag is the letter ‘O’ representing Orlando, also, the ‘sun’ for the sunshine state we all live in. The fountain at Lake Eola is at the heart of the city. I  emember when my family moved here in ’61, the first thing that we did was drive down to the late to see the fountain, a multi colored wonder, and a welcoming sight. The color blue symbolizes the sky and our space industry, and the abundance of water in our lakes and streams. I also think that the shape of the fountain spray could also be embracing arms that Orlando showed the world with the Pulse tragedy. The ‘V’ representing seagulls, could symbolize the oceans that surround our state and natural abundance that makes it such a special place. --- The art is the letter ‘O’ for Orlando. Also, the ‘sun’ in the sunshine state. The fountain at Lake Eola is at the heart of the city. The blue represents the sky and abundance of water in our lakes and streams. The ‘V’ represents the abundance of nature (optional.) Orlando is moving away from its identity as a solely tourist city (8 pointed star for the 5 major theme parks) toward (white chevron) its identity as a culturally  ynamic city (cold circle for UCF and Orlando SC). Orlando’s past exists as a light blue as it faced and the new, bolder navy blue (I only had royal blue marker) representing the future of the city. The color blue takes a meaning of harmony, as it does on the pride flag, another important and emotional symbol for Orlando. The flag looks distinctive and meaningful from both sides and in all orientations. The symbol in the center is designed to have an energetic, upward movement and to visually reference both a celebratory posture as well as the growth and optimism  s Orlando continues to grow and develop as a major presence in Florida and the southeast. The green arc represents the abundance of parks, trees and natural spaces that make Orlando beautiful. Green is the color of balance and growth, representing Orlando’s future path. The blue arc (using the City’s blue) represents the many lakes in Orlando, providing both recreation and beauty to our residents. Blue as a color represents trust, reliability, responsibility. The orange circle represents Orlando’s inclusiveness of all its residents. Orange projects warmth and happiness, combining the physical energy of red with the cheerfulness of yellow. It is optimistic and uplifting and is associated with rejuvenation. The orange arc at the bottom references the fountain and the shell at Lake Eola, both of which have become a visual icon for Orlando. In light, white means that all colors are present and the white background is representative of Orlando’s residents. The green bar represents the abundance of parks, trees and natural spaces that make Orlando beautiful. The blue bar (using the city’s blue) represents the many  akes of Orlando, providing both recreation and beauty to our residents. The orange circle represents Orlando’s inclusiveness of all its residents. Orange projects warmth and happiness, combining the physical energy of red with the cheerfulness of yellow. It is optimistic and uplifting and is associated with rejuvenation. The symbol inside the center is designed to have an energetic, upward movement and to visually reference both a celebratory posture as well as the growth and optimism as Orlando continues to grow and develop as a major presence in Florida and the southeast. Green and blue used by the city are repeated. Blue represents trust, reliability, responsibility. Green is the color of balance and growth, representing Orlando’s future path. The white circle represents Orlando’s residents. White light means that all colors are present and this is representative of Orlando’s residents. Orlando sunshine with a palm tree. Lake Eola swan with a palm tree. Orange represents Orange Co. 49 stars line the dividing line & circle. Dark blue represents our officers, purple for the prodominent athletic team in town. 12 stars @ each cross bar = 48. Center star respresenting the 49 victim @ pulse. Dark blue representing our officers. Purple & light blue represents the home  thletic team colors Blue: Our skies; truth & loyalty. Green: Our land; hope, joy, & love. Gold: Our spirit of generosity; elevation of the mind. The Orange Blossom: Our state flower,  ur agricultural past, and Orlando as a seat of Orange County. The Diagonal Line: A reference to Interstate 4 corridor, connecting us to both sides of the state, with Orlando at the center. The Border: Community unity and common good. Colors: Gold = quality of life, prosperity, sunshine. Blue = peace, unity, safety, water. Shapes/Symbols: 9 stars = 9 elements of leadership (1 for City, 6 for  istricts, 1 for Police/Fire/Public Works, 1 for engaged citizens). Circle (of stars) = Orlando United; unity; shared purpose. Heart = love, Love Wins; neighborhood relations; kindness; respect. Fountain = culture and heritage; tie to other city symbols; parks. Sun = quality of life; recreation; amenities/parks. Sprout (or flower) = Sustainable growth This flag’s main colors are red, white, and blue, analogous to the American flag itself. I have chosen a lighter blue which is a brighter color, reminiscent of  he bright blue skies above the city. The red crossed bars are repeated from the Florida state flag. In the center of the flag is a white circle representing Orlando itself. Orlando is the highlight of Central Florida, so being at the center is a good place for it. Inset in the white circle is a blue circle representing Lake Eola which is at the center of Orlando. The white and blue circles form an “O” for the name of the city itself. The white lines and red lines, come together at the center to represent people coming from all over visiting Orlando, the “Theme Park Capitol of the World”. Finally, if viewed from the center outward, the combination of the circle and lines form a sunburst shape which can represent the sunny skies one can expect in Orlando. This design is colorful, pleasing, and easy to draw for anyone. Cheerful & dynamic geometric city landmarks that just happen to form an "ORL" Colors: Red – hardiness, bravery, strength. Yellow – Generosity. Orange – Blend of dominant colors and symbols.  Symbols: Orange, “O” – Orlando. Center (Of state)  wan = Eola swans = freedom.    Related: Spanish flag. Florida flag. Orange County flag.  Purple = Power. Yellow = Love. White = Peace. 6 Start = 6 Districts. Arch = Central This flag, titled “Coming Home to Sunshine”, highlights Orlando’s role as the central destination within Florida. The sun symbol combines the pan = Floridian image  f Sunshine with Orlando’s iconic “O” and a compass rose, signifying exploration and Orlando’s central position. The diagonal lines cross the flag from the southwest to the northeast, just like Orlando’s iconic Interstate 4, with all lines leading the eye to the sun, the city itself. Both colors arise from Orlando’s natural surroundings, with the blue of its many lakes and the orange of the citrus trees upon which it was founded. Sunshine, diagonal stripes, and 2:3 proportions all link the flag back to the state of Florida. Purple: Orlando City soccor. Blue: Orlando Magic. Palms: Tropical plant all over Orlando. Disney: Happiest place on earth. Rainbod: Pulse memory. UCF Label & Disney. Blue symbolizes te waters of Lake Eola and inovation and progress. The white draws from the state flag and symbolizes unity. The yellow is the sun and symbolizes  rowth. The swan is drawn like a phoenix to show how Orlando rose up from tradgedy gracefully. The blue symbolizes the waters of Lake Eola & inovation & progress. The white draws from the state flag and symbolizes unity. The yellow is the sun and symbolizes  rowth. The swan is reminiscent of a phoenix to symbolize how Orlando rose from tradgedy gracefully. Blue for Lake Eola and inovation & progress. White from the state flag, stands for unity. Yellow for the sun and stands for growth. The swan references a phoenix  o show Orlando rising gracefully from tradgedy. An almost childlike motif shows a young growing entity. Crowned by progress and a tree. Here nature is abroad once is so well represented at _____ Lake Eola. Feeding a body and soul, man and _____. Sun palms, Lake Eola are the very sunny face of the city. Hence the stop light half face. The first two designs use the main colors are blue, orange, yellow and white. The third option is just blue, orange and yellow. The blue on all three represents  he blue sky and beautiful weather Orlando enjoys the majority of the year. The orange represents Orlando’s early history as leading producer of oranges as well as the vibrance of the city. The yellow represents the sun and beauty of the people. The white represents the purity of the people and a unity as a community. The first and second entries have five circles with slightly different spacing that represent the five major theme parks in the areas as well as the five origins of Orlando’s name according to the Florida Historical Society. For the third entry, only one circle is used. The circles form separate blue areas which represent the geography of the area as lakes or swamps. The first two designs use the main colors are blue, orange, yellow and white. The third option is just blue, orange and yellow. The blue on all three represents  he blue sky and beautiful weather Orlando enjoys the majority of the year. The orange represents Orlando’s early history as leading producer of oranges as well as the vibrance of the city. The yellow represents the sun and beauty of the people. The white represents the purity of the people and a unity as a community. The first and second entries have five circles with slightly different spacing that represent the five major theme parks in the areas as well as the five origins of Orlando’s name according to the Florida Historical Society. For the third entry, only one circle is used. The circles form separate blue areas which represent the geography of the area as lakes or swamps. The first two designs use the main colors are blue, orange, yellow and white. The third option is just blue, orange and yellow. The blue on all three represents  he blue sky and beautiful weather Orlando enjoys the majority of the year. The orange represents Orlando’s early history as leading producer of oranges as well as the vibrance of the city. The yellow represents the sun and beauty of the people. The white represents the purity of the people and a unity as a community. The first and second entries have five circles with slightly different spacing that represent the five major theme parks in the areas as well as the five origins of Orlando’s name according to the Florida Historical Society. For the third entry, only one circle is used. The circles form separate blue areas which represent the geography of the area as lakes or swamps. What’s between the O’s? That’s a question a first-time onlooker of the flag might as. The juvenile answer: There’s land between the O’s. The community answer:  eople live, work, and raise their family between the O’s. The recreation answer: Smiles and laughter are born for those at play between the O’s. The Chamber of Commerce answer: A robust economy is found between the O’s. The tourism board’s answer: Folks from around the globe are attracted to what is between the O’s. Memories are made between the O’s. In short, the whole world fits between the O’s. The sky-blue background and cloud-colored O’s represents and ideal climate. This simple flag represents the City Beautiful with an “O” for Orlando & our city’s symbol, the Lake Eola Fountain. The orange represents sunshine along with our  istory of orange groves. The blue represents the beautiful water & sky which surround Orlando. The blue also symbolizes peace & the orange, beauty. This bold flag represents the beauty, vibrancy and diversity of Orlando with an “O” against a field of warm orange & magenta. The colors remind us of sun,  ropical beauty, water & sky. The blue represents peach, the orange, beauty & the magenta, diversity. This flag with its vibrant colors represents Orlando, which is so fully of beauty, warmth & diversity. The colors are immediately reminiscent of the sun, water,  ky & tropical foliage that surround us. The orange “O” for Orlando symbolizes the history of our orange groves. The blue background represents faith, freedom & stability & the green represents the city’s commitment to growth. The horizon & bath or journey symbolizes; alpha & omega. O – Orlando (obviously). High in the center of the flag (High center of the State) Round symbolizes;  otality well rounded & complete City. Pole (is to the prevailing wind) The wind blows us onward & upward on our journey (The O rolls uphill with the wind at our back). Loop or ribbon symbolizes; roller coasters & awareness.   Light blue – Clear skies. Represents: Trust, loyalty & faith. Green – Healthy earth. Represents: Nature & safety, openness & free for adventure. Orange – Sun (sunshine state). Represents: cultural diversity, enthusiasm & success. May your days here be bright! Easily recognized from both sides (can be mirror imaged)  Chose the Lake Eola park fountain and swans because this place is a gathering place. Many different activities bring the community together for enjoyment showing  he diversity of City of Orlando. Like concerts, festivals, farmers market, 4th of July. Yellow background bringing out the sun as we are known as the sunshine state.  The orange field represents the city's status as the seat of Orange County while the orange circle,___ an orange, within the white furture symbolizes what the  ity was historically famous for - citrus farming. Furthermore the white circle forms the letter "O" for "Orlando" Green to represent landscape. Rainbow-shaped white band. Blue corner to represnt sky. 1. The triangles represent the sunshine state and central Florida. 2. The rainbow represents central Florida love & understanding of its people. 3.The blue strip  epresents unity within the city & loyalty for the city. 4. The white background accepts the purity of the city.  Osprey holding branch from orange tree in front of monumental Lake Eola fountain. “The indigenous osprey is smart and intuitive. It holds a branch from a Florida  range tree in it’s talons. The purple (symbolizing unity) divides the flag into 4 quadrants, which quietly symbolize nature, hospitality, industry, and growth.” The main element is the integration of the city logo and the Lake Eola fountain which is well known in the city. This allows the flag to be incorporation into a  ultitude of branding & merchandise items, ensuring the flag can be flown at city events, within public spaces and on promotional material. Two colors matching the logo represents “water (blue) & sky (white)” symbolizing the many lakes in the area. The main element of the flag’s design is the integration of the city’s logo and Lake Eola Fountain which is a symbol for the city. This allows the flag to be  ncorporated into branding & merchandising for the city. A simple two-color palette matching the city logo represents “water (blue) & sky (white)”, signifying the many lakes in the area. The flag can be viewed from front or back so it can be seen from any angle. The final element is a portion of the logo being “reflected in the water” to form a large ‘O’, representing the City’s initial. I chose the orange because Orlando is in Orange County. I think the light orange and sky blue look very good together. The flag is simple and easy to recognize  ith a pop of color. The brown and top green represent a live oak canopy with a view of a lake (dark blue), the trees on the opposite side (green), and the sky (light blue). This is another flag. Because it is cool and it's a good idea Fun in the sun, fountain in the lake, golf in the grass - simple - 3-colors - fresh look The design is an orange and green background because thats typically the colors of oranges. The foreground is a camera because of all the tourism in Orlando. The  ens of the camera is an orange with an "O" around it for Orange County. N/A The orange in the middle of the flag pays homage to Orlando’s history, when the city was the hub of the citrus industry during the late 19th century. The fruit  its in the center in between two blue wings, which represent the impact of aviation and aerospace on our city. From the millions of visitors that travel by plane to Orlando every year to our city’s role in furthering space exploration through organizations like NASA and SpaceX, aviation, exploration and travel are a huge part of our city. In addition, the wings are colored blue to represent the 100 plus lakes in Orlando. I was born here in Orlando and there has been change and not so much change My flag symbolizes that we are all different becasuse we have different skin color, hair color and even different clothes My flag symbolizes that we are all equal because the person that was responsible for what happened at Pulse (gay night club) shop specifically at a gay night club  ecase he didnt like gay people so Yellow: the Golden era of Orlando (1875) when Orlando began to flourish. Our history pushiing us forward. Yellow for the warmth of our city + the sun. Green: Our  ver 80 parks, which set us apart from so many other cities. Blue: Our lakes, that help us be the city beautiful. Arrow: We are progressive, always moving forward + innovating. Orlando is the future city beautiful of Florida. Orlando symbolizes youth, diversity and happiness that inspires dreamers and families throughout the state. The  ity has one of the most unique fountains at Lake Eola. The fountain design represents edge, structure and life that surround the city along with nature's beauty. The palm tree instantly creates a smile and excitement and they are free flowing allowing a person to dream and imagine. These designs represent an edgy artistic view that shows Orlando as a forward thinking city and culture of diversity and purpose. Orlando is the future city beautiful of Florida. Orlando symbolizes youth, diversity and happiness that inspires dreamers and families throughout the state. The  ity has one of the most unique fountains at Lake Eola. The fountain design represents edge, structure and life that surround the city along with nature's beauty. The palm tree instantly creates a smile and excitement and they are free flowing allowing a person to dream and imagine. These designs represent an edgy artistic view that shows Orlando as a forward thinking city and culture of diversity and purpose. Orlando is the future city beautiful of Florida. Orlando symbolizes youth, diversity and happiness that inspires dreamers and families throughout the state. The  ity has one of the most unique fountains at Lake Eola. The fountain design represents edge, structure and life that surround the city along with nature's beauty. The palm tree instantly creates a smile and excitement and they are free flowing allowing a person to dream and imagine. These designs represent an edgy artistic view that shows Orlando as a forward thinking city and culture of diversity and purpose. I designed this flag to represent Orlando because it shows the beautiful sunsets you can see from Orlando and it also shows how important oranges are for this  eautiful city. My flag is a simple but accurate representation for Orlando. The yellow sky represents the hot climate in Florida. the orange represent's Orange County and it's meaning to Florida and the blue and white represents the lakes  f Orlando. The blue represents the water of the lakes and blue sky of Orlando. Red represents the blood of our diverse community, the energy of our tourism industry, and the  ove of our residents. The white symbolize the purity and innocence of the children that live here, as well as the children that live here year round. The stars represents the relation of the United States. The yellow curvy lines represents the rollercoaster and slides of the massive amount of attraction parks here in Orlando. The yellow sun represents our warm weather year-round but also stands for the first letter of the word Orlando. ORLANDO THE WORLD'S SUNFLOWER, AS THE FRENCH SAY "TOURNESOL" (WHICH MEANS TURNING TO THE SUN) WITH A PERFECT BLUE SKY AND SUPPORTED BY 9 SUNRAYS, ORLANDO  RESSENTS ITSELF AS THE WORLD'S MOST DESIRABLE FLOWER! ORLANDO IN CONTROLLED EXPLOSION MOTION, ELEGANCE IN COMBINATION WITH POWER CREATE FORWARD FORCES GIVING ORLANDO DYNAMIC RESOURCES TO BECOME A REAL WORLD CITY. THE  EASONANCE TOWARDS THAT GOAL IS THE UNPARALLELLED "OOOH" EFFECT! Keeping the colors of the current flag, blue & white. Blue, the historical color of Orlando in the centre of 3 equal horizontal lines with a blue circle  epresenting Eola foundation. Yellow sun represents the economy & tourism. White is for growth & prosperity.  Within my three submissions I used a variation of similar design elements that symbilize Orlando - all of which are based heavily on the Lake Eola fountain, the O  n Orlando, and the city's outward reach. I have over 50 variations - was difficutl to submit only three. Many great designs elimanted due to four colors (counting white). The blue shape of a Disney castle spire is replicated on the panels of the fountain to form a blossom or sun. The blue spire stands for the numerous theme parks and also the outward lyring attractions to which MCO provides access including the space coast. The spire also represents a space launch and the growth (blossoming) of Orlando. For this submission I took the bluw spire and also used it to symbolize the Florida flag. The blossom on top of the sun is centered on the flag symbolizing Orlando as the County Seat of Orange County. Be Distinctive! Be unique! Use purple! Taken from Orlando City Soccer Club colors, purple is a color associated with royalty, mystery, wonder and magic -  verything that is Orlando. 4 Quadrants because visitors come from all 4  corners of the wold. White color for growth and prosperity (white 'O' for Orlando). Blue circle represents the iconic Eola fountain. Yellow sun is for the connection between the weather and tourism & economy. Large yellow sun is for the connection between Orlando's weather and tourism and economy. 7 stripes - 3 blue for lake, rivers and Eola fountain of the city of  rlando. 4 purple for the people of Orlando - a color assoiated with mystery, wonder and magic. The whitespace in the design forms an abstract swan, representing Lake Eola. The aqua lines alos echo the color of the fountain. The blue field is borrowed from  he current Orlando flag for contunuity. The center white column extends upward at 49 degrees in remembrance of the pulse victims.  Light blue + water = "going green" + staying green, by using less energy + water and sustaining the city. Circle = "O" for One United Orlando. Shaped like an  range. Segments = shows similiar people coming together in center city (downtown) orlando, or spokes in a "juice bike" wheel. Blue means justice red means harmony. Green means flowers. Fountain Sunrise: This flag depicts the Eola fountain in front of a sunrise on the east coast of teh continent. The blue field represetns the many lakes in  rlando, as well as the water on all sides of the Florida peninsula. The colors (blue, white, yellow) are all directly from the current flag in order to maintain any sense of tradition that the current flag may contain. The white outline on the fountain is simply to help it stand out as a symbol of the city. The most important part if this design, however, is not any piece of symbolism, but the general feeling that this design and these colors provoke. The colors along with the flowing design portrat a paradise city, a peaceful city, and "The City Beautiful." I have a digital copy of this desing I can send and modify if desired.  The flag is represented by a blue circle & thick white outline on a cool-green solid background. The colors are similar to those on the city seal & represent the  ity beautiful with it's lush greenery a many lakes. The center circle is alos representative of these lakes & Lake Eola. The circle outling represents community connected. It also symbolizes the cities home Orlando which begins & ends with O. Proud O: This flag depicts the top half of an O with the colors of the pride flag vertically striped across it. This symbolizes the O for Orlando as well as the  unrise over the city. The colors represent the acceptance and diversity in the city, as well as the perseverance after the Orlando shooting, which, as opposed to tearing it apart, resulted in a strengthening of the communty. This shows the perseverance of teh city through tough times, the ability to stand up for their culture, and the accepting and diverse people of Orlando. I have a digital copy of this design I can send and modify if desired.  The three main colors of this flag are green, orange, and blue. The blue represents water, a symbol of life, representing the life of Orlando as well as the  arious bodies of water found throughout our city. The orange represents Orlando as the seat of Orange County. Green represents Orlando's committment to sustainability as well as growth and prosperity. The tree reaffirms our commitment to environmental ustainability and is also found on our city's seal. The sun represetns Orlando's place in the sunshine state and our year-round sunny climate. The sun also forms an 'O' for Orlando. The main colors representing Orlando are: the blue at the top represents the vibrant blue of the sky. The green represents the grass, the ress and all the  eautiful nature all around Orlando. The Orlange circle represents the brillance and warmth of the sun. Orange also makes reference to the fruit that is produce in Florida. The Orange also symboilizes the County of Orange. My forever home is Orlando, the star of Central Florida which is represented on this flag design by the star at the top of the nested three circles. The three  ircles represent the enduring conncetion which we all have to the past, present, and future of our fair city. The six rays represent the six diverse districts out communtiy which come together to from a cohesive whole. Swans, along with the blue and green background color focus on the elements of nature which surround and enhace our daily lives. All these elements combine to show the overwhelming love that exists for all who live and visit here. Blue: Resilency/loyalty. White: Pure love. Gray: Change; transient. Orange: Roots of groves. It started with love and orange trees. We saw potential and  pportunity to grow. We celebrate love and loyalty. I made this flag to symbolize Lake Eola fountain becasue when I think of the fountain. I also used bright colors because Orlando is usually bright and sunny! Symbol centered on the flag representing location in Florida. 4 pillars represent 4 seasons and that Orlando is beautiful all year round. 3 stars represent  ttributes of Orlando: Cultural diversity, unity, innovation. Blue represents stability. Orange represents Attraction, Creativity, Success. The symbol represents the significance of attributes working together that help create the "City Beautiful" Skyline or Orlando/Lake Eola, with a flowing fountain. The colors: Green for heart & nature, blue for truth & water and orangy-yellow for the sun to symbolze  Oranges"/Orange County. There's also a round shape over the city symbolizing the sun or an orange. Symbol centered on the flag representing location in Florida. The Swan: An iconic figure in Orlando with wings open to welcome everyone, Subdivided into 3  ttributes: Left Wing = Cultural Diversity; Body = Unity; Right Wing = Innovation Blue represents : Stability Yellow represents : Joy, Intellect, Energy The symbol represent the prerequisite of Orlandos' attributes needed to create the " City Beautiful. " My flag represents Orlando in a few key areas. The overall design of a sun with Lake Eola in the center represents Orlando as being in Florida, the Sunshine State. I chose the golden color for the sun to pay homage to Orlando being in Orange County as well to represent oranges and all the citrus we grow. The blue and green colors symbolize our motto, The City Beautiful. They were layered to represent the beauty in Orlando. The blue represents Lake Eola with the fountain centered on it. The position of the fountan signifies Orlando as the center of out state. As Orlando's key identifier the city has adopted, I chose the fountan as an icon to represent our city, which is a distincrive marker.  I chose this flag because the fountain represents down town. I chose blue for the fountain and light blue for the sky and yellow for the sun. N/A The main focal point of this design is an orange circle. This shape represents many iconic symbols within the Orlando Community -- Citrus, sports, amusement  arks, bodies of water, unity, progress. The purple triangles show converging directionality to represent movement, diversity, inclusion and the tourism and hospitality industry. "" One of the simplest ways to represent Orlando is to refpect it's climate and geography. In this flag the yellow circle represents our yearly average of 233 days  f sunshine. The blue panel represents the estimated 1500 lakes in Orlando that contribute to our lifestyle. My flag represents Orlando in a few key areas. The blue and green colors symbolize our motto, The City Beautiful. They were layred to represent the beauty in  rlando The blue represents Lake Eola with the fountain centered on it. The position of the fountain signifies Orlando as the center of our state. As Orlando's key identifier the city has adopted, I chose the fountain as the sole icon to represent our city. The fountain being the color golden yellow as well the rays coming off of it provide context to Orlando being in the Sunshine State as well as being a warm and welcoming city. The golden yellow also pays homage to Orlando being a warm and welcoming city. The golden yellow also pays homage to Orlando being in Orange County and all the citrus grown in our city and state. In the 41 years that i have lived in Orlando, I have found it to be a rather diverse community. All you have to do is look at the people who manage and protect  ur city to see that's true. This flag shows hands uniting together to form an "O" for Orlando. The vibrant green background represents the amazing ecology we have to live and work in. It's a symbol that anyone can make with their own hands to show their pride pride in O-Town.  In this flag, the blue background represents the abundance of lakes in Orlando and the lifestyle that offers. Witha  slogan like "The City Beautiful", what better  ay to represent that then by using the image of a beautiful swan, which have been part of the Orlando landscape since 1922. Blended together with the swan as it's body, is the shape of the 60 year old Eola Fountain, a feature not found in any other city. The simple graphic indication of water emerging from the fountain represents the wellspring of life found in the place I have called home for over 40 years. Each star is for the 49 that lost their lives at pulse the orange is for the citrus blue is understanding and healing purple is pride the swan is for lake eola I decided to represent unity and a sense of community, that's definitely present in Orlando. I also chose to color the people in purple becasue this color  ymbolizes creativity and pride. In addition, the arc above the people is set to represent the sun. After all, Florida's known as the Sunshine State. To conclude, I decided to use the color orange as the font becuse of Orlando's past in the citrus industry. Sun Birds - Our city is home to a large variety of birds. The symbols within the purple represent our famous Lake Eola swans. The symbol in the orange are vague  nough to represent many other types of birds. The Orange represents our beautiful skies, being located in Orange County and our rich citrus industry history. The purple represents our creativity and dignity. A circle symbolizes Orlando in many ways. The "O" from Orlando, being the in the sunshine state, the Orlando Eye, and Oranges (the key factor in orlando's "Golden  ra") to name a few. Circle's can also symbolize something that's whole and complete or together /united. It's often used to represent both endless love and never-ending rebirth after distruction, something Orlando is great at coming together and doing. I chose the Orange to represent citrus, sunshine, joy, and energy. The blue represents the water of our numerous lakes as well as community, trust, depth, and stability. The circle in the middle of the blue also nods to the iconic symbole of the fountain in Lake Eola as seen from above, another circle! In this flag, the sun represents the abundant sunshine and bright future of Orlando. The two corner rays drawn in a similar fashion as the stripes on the Florida  lag. The half blue circle, representing the more than 100 lakes, including Lake Eola, completes the circle with the blue semi-circle. This represents the "O" in Orlando, or "O-Town" In this flag, the blue stripes and white field and color scheme are reminiscent of our patriotic connection to the United States of America. The red stripe is  imilar to the falg of the state of Florida, which connects it to the state. The white square and white stripes are to represent the abundant sunshine enjoyed in Orlando. The lower blue corner is to represent the 100+ lakes as well as the blue skies of Orlando. "O TOWN" the city where the unity is. I chose the fountain in the middle to represent the Lake Eola fountain and to retain some of the aspects of the original flag. The big orange in the back is for  rlando's  history with citrus, and looks similar to the sun, since we are the sunshine state. It is also reminiscent of the Orlando Eye. The palm trees are of course for our tropical flora, and to help occupy some of the white space since I'm bad at decisions.  Seven, 7-sided stars, each point represents a life lost in the Pulse Nightclub Terror Attack Seven, 7-sided stars, each point represents a life lost in the Pulse Nightclub Terror Attack. The blue represents the water that helped grow the orange groves the  ity was built on. The orange circle represents the sun and the orange fields and the fruit itself. Seven, 7-sided stars in a circle, the circle represents a visual "O", could represent Orlando or unity. Each point on the stars represents the 49 lives lost in  he pulse night club terror attack. People relax in the good weather and visit our city at Lake Eola. The Swan- a long time icon of orlando- symbolizes all that is good in our city. The blue represents our lakes, and the orange represents sunshine. Colors could be  witched to yellow/green if orange/blue is a conflict. The color red symbolizes various ideas,among them are leadership,strength and action. The Osprey carries the symbolism of power and vision. These concepts are  lso representative of City of Orlando. I have made this flag because German sheperds because they help the city and the Police and they are friendly and agressive its okay to be agressive sometimes and  ute and cuddle This flag has a pure white ring, surrounding a vibrant green center, upon a field of dark and light blue stripes. The white ring represents integrity, equality  nd fairness; the dark blue stripes guard the top and bottom of the flag, showing our strength and concern for our fellow citizens; the light blue stripe flows through the middle like our many lakes and rivers, representing both a unique geography, and a place of opportunity. The central bright green circle represents the progressive way the city is growing, through various technological, artistic, and eco-friendly means. The Swan- a long time icon of orlando- symbolizing the beauty of our city, is set off by rays of hope and inspiration, reflected in colors of our skym our lakes,  nd neighborhoods. Orange symbolizes citrus, green is indicitive of nature and palm trees. The white cirlce suggests unity and Lake Eola. The lines suggest I4 and 408. The "O" is  or Orlando.  The orange circle represents our positon as center of Orange County. The blue drops represent our fountain at Lake Eola and the blue curves are our ascending  uture shaping in the form of a letter "O" that is for the city's name, Orlando. The circle represents the sun for the sunshine state, the orange represents Orlando as the center of Orange County and the white around the sun represents the "O"  or Orlando. The blue is for Lake Eola and the orange and white stripes are the rows of citrus trees that fueled our city in its past. "Orlando: The place in the sun where the world converges to experience the magic!" O = Orlando, people converging, people of all sizes/kinds/places, magic/pixie  ust, Disney, Universal, Sea World, etc. The Orange symbolizes citrus, green symbolizes nature, white symbolizes purity and honesty. The circle and lines suggest Lake Eola (Where Orlando was founded) and  he intersection of I$ and 408 the roads that bring people here. The circle also suggests unity. The orange is for the citrus industry of our city's past. The blue stripe is for I-4 that crosses the city from the southwest to northeast. The circle is for Lake  ola and the letter O for our city's name. The darker blue beackground is for the seas in between Orlando, the Altlantic & Gulf of Mexico. The existing colors of the City Beautiful are blue and white. Orlando was founded at Lake Eola (symbolyzed by the circle). This is also the intersection of I-4  nd 408 the largest roads that bring people here (symbolized by the lines). The circle is also suggestive of unity-something we take pride in, and citrus, a nod to the first farmers and groves of Orlando.  I drew this picture because I love to eat at McDonalds on a sunny day. blue lines= lakes and water   yellow circle for sun.    Green stands for all the nature and land we have. My flag represents one common element in Florida, which is the palm tree. So that is why I used it to represent my flag. This shows many thing that are popular here in Orlando such as swans, oranges, palm trees, and lakes. The yellow circle in the middle stands for the bright beautiful sun that florida has. The blue at the top is the great bodies of water we have. The green stands  or the great green trees the florida has.  This flag is supposed to symbolize the beauty of our city. The circle in the middle represents the sun because its always not out. The blue represents a lake because we have many lakes in Orlando. It symbolizes Orlando's vast amount of lakes and it's fountain.  I like the swans at Lakiola. This is the eyesore on I4. It's been in progress for years. I drew this because Orlando magic has played a lot of game and a lot of people know them I did this drawing because it represents Orlando. This flag represents orlando and the sun because we are in sunshine state and water because we have alot of water. This flag, drawn in the deep blue color present on the city's ubiquitous "Welcome to Orlando" signs, features a circle representing the sun and solidarity of  rlando. Inside the circle, minimalist drawings of Orlando's city hall and a palm tree symbolize the downtown charm and natural beauty of our city. The Lake Eola fountain, our city icon, also flows! The circle, placed in the center, also represents our location in the heart of Florida. This flag, drawn in the royal purple color of the Orlando City Soccer Club, features a circle representing the sun and solidarity of Orlando. Inside the circle,  inimalist drawings of Orlando City hall and a palm tree symbolize the downtown charm and natural beauty of our city. The Lake Eola fountain, our city icon, also flows between the two. Its position in the center represents our position in the heart of Florida. This flag retains the purple band from the previous flag of Orlando, but updates teh upper portion. It features a minimalized silhoutte of the Lake Eola fountain  gainst a yellow background and white cirlce resembling the setting sun. The water rises high, just as the city rises above hate. The purple and gold of this flag also represents Orlando City Soccer, a part of pride for many Orlandoans! This flag has a wide field of beautiful sky blue, representing the wide-open opportunity Orlando provides for all citizens, and the many amazing ponds, lakes and  reeks throughout the area. The bold, powerful ring of dark blue surrounds a peaceful, pure white center, containing a caring red heart. The ring is a multicultural symbol of unity and strength, and references the "O" in the city name. The white center represents our integrity, and equality for all. The small central heart is a universal symbol, showing the love and passion Orlando citizens have for each other and the City Beautiful. This flag uses a unique semi-circle design that describes Orlando on many levels. It represents a rising sun, showing a new day, full of opportunity, and  rlando's amazing weather, with beautiful sunshine and warm community. The bright blue represents the heights to which the City Beautiful aspires, and our many bodies of water; the yellow half-circle shows the hospitality, fun and climate only Orlando can provide, and the vibrant orange core shows our passion, and caring values while hinting toward our history as a citrus hub. The yellow symolizes the sunshine or sky. The green symbolizes our neighborhoods, the blue our lakes. The round white shape represents the top of City Hall, or  he edge of the amphitheater at Lake Eola, or the edge of the fountain at Lake Eola. In this flag I created a new symbol by combining the silhouette of a swana nd the leaves of a palm tree. Togther they form a blossoming flower. The swan is one of  he most celebrated birds in Orlando with ver 50 brees in Eola park. As an animal, the swan represents grace, beauty and love. The blue symbolizes the 100+ lakes in Orlando. The green symbolizes palm trees and wetlands. I wanted a flag that celebrates the unique aspects of Orlando's landscape and mother nature. The orange represents warmth, sunshine, and happiness. Orange is not popularly used in flag designs, so I wanted to use a color that would help Orlando stand out. In this flag, the red arrow represents Fort Gatlin. The yellow circle represents several things... The community that build up around Fort Gatlin to become  rlando, the sunshind that orlando is fortunate enough to see most days, as well as a nod to the "O" in orlando or "O-Town". THe rays on one side further emphasize the sun, but also Orlando's bright path into the future. The surrounding blue is for the more than 100 lakes that Orlando is home to, including lake eola. The blue is also representative of the blue Orlanndo skies. This is the past, present, and future of Orlando. An orange's bottom planted at the top of the flag symbolizes the overarching impact the citus industry has made on the City of Orlando. The lower third's swath of  lue represents the widespread wetlands and beautiful lakes that earn Orlando the moniker, The City Beautiful. Additionally, the shape of the blue area hints at Lake Eola's origins as a sinkhole, a powerful force of nature that supplied us with our city's most recognizable symbol. Lastly, the negative white space created in the center os reminiscent of a smile- representing the friendliness for which our city is known. THose who are happiest in life are those who emphasize growth. And it's this emphasis on growth -- in the economic arts, technology, and athletic sectors --- that make Orlando's residents smile. The yellow represents Floridas sunshiine. The flower represents all the flowers. The peace represents all the nice people. Sun rising over our city. New beginnings and fresh ideas/innovation. The strength of our city rising up. The lion stands for the orlando lions, the orange with a heart sticking from the top stands for peace and love in orange county. This design is all about geography. The green stripe is the peninsula of Florida, flanked by blue ocean on both sides. Orlando is pointed in the middle by the  ellow sun.  I chose to make the flag look like this because it represents the sun but also an orange to show our fruit and warm climate. Orlando can be described in so many different images. The challenge was to distell the city to one or two meaningful symbols and achiee a beautiful design. The  lue and green colors symbolize our motto, The City Beautiful. They were layered to represent the beauty in Orlando. The blue represents Lake Eola with the fountain centered in it. The position of the fountain signifies Orlando as the center of our state. As Orlando's key identifier the city has adopted, I chose the fountain as the sole icon to encapsulate our city. The fountain is colored a golden yellow to provide context to Orlando being in the Sunshine State as well as being a warm and welcoming city. The golden yellow also pay homage to Orlando being in Orange County as well as the citrus growth in our city and state. The symbolism of this flag shows the peace in Orlando by the peace sign behind the fountain. There is a balance of peace and violence in Orlando so I have shown a  ed background from the blood at the Pulse shooting. The Lake eola fountain is one of the most recognized symbols of Orlando, so I chose to include it in my flag.I have shown a purple peace sign to resemble the Orlando city soccer team. This flag design was created to represent Orlando's status and stature as a destination city on a world scale. The blug signifies Lake Eola, the green represents  he numerous parks and wetlands that can be found within Orlando, and the gold represents the entertainment industry ( and sun) that make Orlando so fun and desirable. The bar's stand strong and study, like Orlando and it's communities. In the middle you will find a circle highlighting a simplified stream of water from the fountain in Lake Eola. This flag represents multiple aspects of Orlando. IN the center, there is an orange, representing the fruit's history in Orlando and Orange County. Each of the  lue figures depicts water spewing from the Fountain at Lake Eola. These two shapes form an "O" in the center, representing the name "Orlando" (O-Town). The culmination of these forms is a loopy shape the resembles roller coasters, representing the tourism industry in ORlando. They green of this flag represents vibrancy and natural beauty, as well as growth. The blue represents Orlando's lakes. The orange represents the orange industry. I used green for the grass we play on. I used black and blue for the Solar bears hockey puck. And purple for the orlando City soccor team. Sunny and fun. The primary feature of this design is an orange blossom abstracted into a series of stars with a blue circle at the center. The blue circle represents Lake Eola  nd the many Lakes that characterize Orlando's landstape. As well as the letter "O". The orange color and blossom represents the historically important citrus industry. The star patter suggests ORlando's growth, a radiating out and coming together of diverse elements. The starburst also suggests magic, hinting at Orlando's entertainment and tourism industry and the aura of excitement associated with the city. A star shinign on a blue field also siggests ORlando's bright, warm weather. The centering of the pattern represents ORlando's position as the principal city of Central Florida. I wanted to create a flag that was beautiful in itself and fillyed with symbolism important to the city. In light of recent events (Pulse), the world has see that  he city is extremely strong and bonded by love. I thought it was important to nod to that, which you'll see in the heart shape created by two swan's necks coming together. The swans and Lake Eola are very recognizable landmarks to the city, also being in the heart of downtown. It's important to depict sunshine with Orlando being in the "Sunshine State", which also creates a nice contrast with the blue colors. I created to variations of this flag for my submission and limited to three colors, although the water and fountain could technically be the same blue color if you neeed to stick with two colors. My flag design looks to capture all aspects of Orlando. The purple background represents pride, power, and the city's two soccer clubs. The sun is shaped likean  O", and represents the sunny temperature. The Palm tree symbolizes the phrase: "The City Beautiful", and the environment surrounding the city. The fountain at Lake Eola is the city's symbol. The yellow starts represent the magic. Disney world and Orlando's vibrant night life. The building is the Suntrust Center, Orlando's largest and most recognizable building. The circle represents continuity, progress, community, and unity, but it is also a nod to the Orlando Eye. Yellow represents joy and happiness, which acknowledges  he theme parks and attractions that bring tourists in from all over the world. The Pulse is a symbol of how our community was impacted by the Pulse Nightclub shooting and how it brought us together in "One Pulse". The pulse connects bywond the circle symbolizing that our one pulse can also impact those who come to visit Orlando by sending them off with a sense of connection and hope. For this design, I created a rising sun with the silhouete of a swan in the center. The swan is a celebrated bird in Orlando and represents grace, beauty and love. The rusing sun symbolizes positive growth and risiing from the ashes. It honors the Orlando shooting while celebrating the positive nature aspects of Orlando. The orange color represents sunshine, happiness, and creativity. The blue color represents the 100+ lakes in Orlando and faith. Because orange is not a highly used color in flag design, it helps Orlando stand out. Also the "O" represents Orlando as the center of Orange County. People come to see our cool attractions. The centennial Fountain is the official City of Orlando icon perhaps the most recognizable and most well-known symbol of Orlando. This is also true of the swan.  ost Orlando residents and many citizens in the surrounding area are well aware of the Swans of Lake Eola. The oak tree symbolizes strentgh and endurance. I hhave fallen in love with the city of Orlando. My flag design is easy and effective. My flag is an O with the Lake Eola fountain reprenting the center of our  ity. Atop the fountain is an indirect reference through fireworks representing Walt Disney World. The color purple reps Orlando City FC. The peace sign is a reminder we are "Orlando Strong". Lastly a little leaf  to define the O as a citrus fruit.  As explained in other concepts, the sun symbolizes a new beginning power, growth, health, passion and the cycle of life in Orlando. Known as "The City Beautiful,"  rlando not only grants us access to wonderful attractions but also a beautiful weather highlighted by its sunny days. The sun itself represents life and how Orlando contows to grow day by day. A roller coaster loop, representing both the tourism and the ups and downs, union and creativity. A rainbow, standing for tolerance, respect and acceptance of all  ultures and lifestyles in the city. The sun appears in the middle, representing the Sunshine State. A capital "O" for Orlando. The Lake Eola's fountain was drawn from the top, a teal circle which spreads orange, yellow and white ripples. Finally, it's also a person with open arms, in a friendly gesture. The colors stand for a citrus culture, the shining sun, the City Beautiful, the Lake Eola's fountain and many lakes in the city. A roller coaster loop, representing both the tourism and the ups and downs, union and creativity. A rainbow, standing for tolerance, respect and acceptance of all  ultures and lifestyles in the city. The sun appears in the middle, representing the Sunshine State. A capital "O" for Orlando. The Lake Eola's fountain was drawn from the top, a teal circle which spreads orangeand yellow ripples. Finally, it's also a person with open arms, in a friendly gesture. The colors stand for a citrus culture, the shining sun, the City Beautiful, the Lake Eola's fountain and many lakes in the city. This flag design is a stripped down representation of Lake Eola and it's fountain. Taking cues from the strongest aspects of the previous flag ( the blue and  hite background) and simplifying oters (the fountain as a centerpiece), this flag is a modernized take of the old flag signifying Orlando's evolving story as a strong, modern, city. This designs inverted nature celebrates Orlando's connectivity through diversity, beauty in difference. The golden pineapple is a symbol of southern hospitality, this represents Orlando. The blue stripes symbolize the Atlantic & Gulf of Mexico. The green stripe is  he land of Florida. In light of the recent tragedy at the Pulse Night Club, Orlando needs a flag to show the solidarity and unity amongst its community. This flag shows a starburst- ike design that represents a circle of figures standing together. This starburst is also representative of the sun, because of Orlando's notoriously bright and sunny climate. The combination of these 2 images togehter emcompasses a lot of what Orlando is about, and is symbolic of the atmosphere, but more importantly, the compassionate nature of the people of this city. Simple. Clean. Bright. Bold. Audacious - Like the city of Orlando itself. This flag design pays respect to the city's history  as well as being mindful of the  rogressive community and forward looking municipality it is. This flag design is the embodiment of "The city beautiful." Background color field of 3 stripes represent our natural environment: Clear skies, lush landscapes, and waterways. The orange circle represents the sun and foundational citrus industry. The white ring represents the strong unending community, city infrastructure, and is an "O: for Orlando. Its sentered location int he design refrects Orlando's central position within the state of Florida. White swan is a porid icon to represent Orlando's youth, purity and beauty. It's not just a flag. It's intended to be an ineractive avatar for the community. Personal photos, icons for causes, school & sports logos can replace the orange & swan inside the "O" in digital uses. This design captures the beauty of the city at night. The black symbolizes nightlife and the regal dress of the city. The blue symbolizes our beautiful lakes and  he loyalty of the citizens of Orlando. The circle represents both the "O" of Orlando and Lake Eola surrounded by our skyline. The white adds dynamic contrast. The pineapple/Orange symbolizes Orlando's start with the citrus industry and what Orlando has become, a city of hospitality (Pineapple). The blue stripes  ymbolize the Atlantic & The gulf of Mexico. The green stripe is the Peninsula of Florida. *Pineapple symbolizes southern hospitality. Orlando "coreopsis" or a xeriscaped "City beautiful" (Con't.) Hardship and that each day presents the opportunity to rebuild. Water symbolizes the many lakes. Sunrise made to look like orange. Fountain to symbolize city. Orange, green, and blue to represent relaxing and natural  nvironment. Yellow: the golden era of Orlando (1875) when Orlando began to flurish. Our history pushes us forward. Yellow for the warmth of our city. Green: Over 50 parks,  hich set us apart from so many other cities. Blue: Our lakes that help us be the city beautiful. Arrow: We are progressive, always moving forward and innovating. The traditionally-patterned "Sunflower"/Florida Sun-orange symbol in the center represents Orlando's year-round sunny climate. The green sprouts remind one of  rlando's potential to become an ecologically sensitive Fl. Center/hub which will benefit its citizens as a positive social environment The yellow start points lend a dramatic contrast to the basic simplicity of the overall pattern. The sun represents sunny-year-round Orlando,as well as being a reminder of Florida as the Orange State./ The stark modern horizontal over crossing lines  ccentuate the boldness of the "O"./ Violet-blue symbolizes nature's bounty and the heavens; also,it matches the Orlando Lions' team logo./ Green stands for Orlando's striving to be an eco conscious city. The red circle represents the sun and the O for Orlando. The blue waves represents our many lakes in Orlando. The red, white and blue birds represents the USA. The orange is a symbol of how Orlando was started by the citrus industry. The blue stripes symbolize the Atlantic & Gilf of Mexico. The green strip is the  eninsula of Florida. The orange circle represents a symbol for both Orlando & its connection within FL. The notion of a circle is that it's complete, it heals, & there aren't any  reaks. Orange represents the strength & endurance throughout our community. The white/blue background incorporates Orlando's history in the flag as well. Green rays represent growth & opportunity and rising above the challenges we face. These individual elements coalesce to create the image of a sunrise, reminding us to embrace each day. The design of this flag mimics a sun rising over the ocean. It draws inspiration from the aftermath of the Orlando shootings, and the idea behind this flag is to  epresent new beginnings. The solidarity of the people shone brightly from the community, and this flag highlights the ability for people to start over and wake up to a new day. The imagery of the sun also brings a light, positive mood, which accurately reflects the nature of the people of Orlando. N/A The fountain flag makes reference to the current flag while simplifying the design to be more iconic. The dar and light blues reference the lakes that are  prinkled throughout the city and the shake evokes the flow of a fountain. The orange circle represents the sun and the importance of citrus in Orlando's history. The yellow field speaks to the radiance and warmth of the residents who welcome thousands of visitors to their town every year. FountainFlag - The linton E. Allen Memorial Fountain is the national and international symbol for our city. It's a symbol that would be hard for any new flag  ymbol to compete with. The symbolism for this flag is inherited from the new City branding: Water - The water surging from the fountain sybolizes our city's innovation and outreach. Circle - The perfect circle behind the fountain symnolizes the sun rising over our city. The fountain within an open circle to signify that we are a city for everyone. Segments - The segments represent our six commission districts. Base - The base represents Orlando's history. The six-sided hexago represents: six districts of Orlando, Lake Eola (and the sky) "O" for Orlando. The yello "Rays" of the sun: warmth of our people. The white:  aths, clouds, the outdoors. The hexagon shape also symbolizes : connection, harmoney, community. The orange circle represnts both the sun and citrus, our first major industry. The blue represents the bounty of lakes  we have, and the green represents the lush  oliage that we have year-round. Also, the white becomes the "O" for Orlando. I wanted to create a flag that was beautiful in itself and fillyed with symbolism important to the city. In light of recent events (Pulse), the world has see that  he city is extremely strong and bonded by love. I thought it was important to nod to that, which you'll see in the heart shape created by two swan's necks coming together. The swans and Lake Eola are very recognizable landmarks to the city, also being in the heart of downtown. It's important to depict sunshine with Orlando being in the "Sunshine State", which also creates a nice contrast with the blue colors. I created to variations of this flag for my submission and limited to three colors, although the water and fountain could technically be the same blue color if you neeed to stick with two colors. Orlando's beauty is in its nature and diversity. The colors I chose are based on our blue skies and green landscapes. The design is balanced and symmetrical,  epresenting the equality Orlando strives for. The white outlined circle is the "O" in Orlando. Finally, the inside of the circle is a minimal interpretation of Orlando's centerpiece: The lake Eola fountain. The top half (green) is the fountain, and the bottom half (blue) is Lake Eola. In my flag the trees are the Palm trees and they are supposed to represent the Palm trees in Orlando,which there are alot. And the Palm trees are standing up to  how we can stand for ourselves. And the blue in the back is the blue sky.  When I hear "Orlando," I think of a vibrant, huge tourist city that attracts huge numbers of people year and year. The abundance of wonderful sights and  ttractions brings millions of toursits to the city year after year, creating a diverse hub of people all coming together to one city seeking happiness and good times. The blue on the flag also mimics the shape of a fountain, with ties to the famous Lake Eola. The movement and direction of the colors on this flag converging to a single point represent this idea of everyone coming together to experience the amazing city of Orlando.  This flag design is meant to represent the allure of Orlando. The blue signifies Lake Eola, the green represents the numerous parks and wetlands that can be found  ithin Orlando, and the gold represents the entertainment industry (and sun) that make Orlando so fun and desirable. The colors are situated in a dynamic way that invokes movement and makes reference to the famous fountain in Lake Eola.  Yellow for happiness, blue for peace and spirit, and purple love. The city of orlando in my opinion represents livelyess and fun. Sun on water for life, heart for love, peace sign for peace, and palm tree for Florida Yellow Ring = SUnny Orlando, our radiant beauty and culture, a shining city. Blue Fountain = Our nature, Lake Eola, and our many lakes, our bursting creativity.  leaming Star = Our drive for technology, innovation, education, science & research. Green Semi-circle = The shape of a smile, Orlando's pride! The color of our nature and beauty, as well as unity. The orange circle represents both the sun and citrus, the first major industry in Orlando. The blue represents the bounty of lakes we have, and the green  epresents the lush foliage that we have year-round. Also, the "O" is for the "O" in Orlando. The fountain is for the Orlando fountain. I chose the sun and moon because it shows that everybody is different but they can still be friends. The sunrail is to  how that no matter where you come from you're no different from everybody else. The orange is for oranges. The green if for nature. The yellow is for sun. Yellow banner = Sunny Orlando, our radiant beauty and culture, a shining belt. Blue Fountain = Our nature, lake Eola and our many lakes, our bursting joy &  reativity. Gleaming Star = Our drive for technology, innovation, education, science, and research. Purple semi-circle = The Shape of a smily, our city's biggest export. The color of our pride and strength -- Unity in community. The concept behind the flag design derived from the success this city has achieved throughout the years, as well as for their georgrphy and cityscape. Known as  he Theme Park Capital of the World and attracting millions of tourist, Orlanod sure has done things right as a city by expanding their horizions. This is where the perepective lines come from, which symbolizes achuevement, prosperity, and growth. The horizon vertical lines are combined with the swan figure. The swan represent the hundred lakes that are located in Orlando. N/A N/A N/A N/A Everyone love to go to Orlando because it's a fun place to go to. My interpretation of the flag is that of a recognizable city skyline, a breezy palm tree, and other iconic scenery. The sunshine is abundant and black the circle  epresent the "O" in Orlando. The colorful diagonal stripes can symbolize the many cultures. The yellow represents the beautiful Florida sunshine and it is associated with intellect and energy such as in the amazing sports Orlando hosts. It is also arouses cheerfulness. The turquoise is linked to sophistication, tranquility and loyalty which I feel the city as a whole has. The purple represents art, pride and magic. Many of the traits that the city of Orlando and it's diversified people embody. N/A N/A This design borrows the crossing bars from the state flag. The silver represents the buildings of downtown. The circle symbolizes both the "O" in Orlando and Lake  ola. The swan represents both Lake Eola and the elegance of our city. The ripples signify our city's impact on culture and people. The blue means ocean, green means tropical/plants. The sun and rain for bi-polar weather, the plant for trees and plants and flowers. Then finally the swirls for  he fact that we have amusement parks. Disnet, universal, wet & wild, seaworld, etc. gay pride, artisitic strength, "orange" county past designs.  Sphere symbolizes unity. Fountain to symbolize the city. Oranges to symbolize roots of Orlando and agricultural history. Greens and blues are natural and calming  o symbolize natural beauty and destination for R&R. My design symbolizes how theme parks are apart of our history, and the tragedy that happened last year that we got through together. "Orlando:Vibrant Beyond Our Wildest Dreams"  -Purple Banner: Our pride,our passion,our strength -Blue Fountain: lake eola,our bursting creativity and  nnovation,our many lakes. -Gleaming White Star: science and research, our love of space,discovery and education. Green Semi Circle: nature (color), smiles (shape). Orlando's biggest export is smiles & happy memories. Water symbolizes not only life itself but renewal and motion. Of course the sun represents power, growth and the cycle of life. Especially growth is something  hat the City of Orlando has been experiencing for quite some time and will going forward. The oak tree symbolizes strength and endurance.  The yellow represents the sun and how it helps grow oranges. The color red represents fruit and makes you stronger. The color orange represents Orange County  rlando, Fl. This flag's colors and symbols contain multiple meanings. The flag is segmented into 4 boxes that represent the 4th U.S. Artillery that founded Fort Fatlin as  rlando's first namesake. The primary segment colors of blue and purple represent our sports teams: Magic, Solar Bears, Cit SC and Pride. These colors also represent Orlando's multiple lakes (blue) and strong LGBT presence (purple). The sun represents the City of Orlando, its strength and its ability to rise again; each of the sun's 9 bright rays represent one of Orlando's sister cities. Additional numeric significance can also be attributed to this flag; its colored degments and sunny rays (9) extending outward combined to represent the 49 lives lost during the Pulse Tragedy. Sun/Fountain/graphic can be elaborated. Florida is the sunshine state. Orlando is the heart of Florida where the sun shines through. N/A Florida is full of cool stuff like gators and other stuff. N/A N/A City of Orlando N/A N/A I wanted to show the beautiful city and the main atraction to lake eola. Clean. Simple. Bright. Bold. Audacious. - Like the City of Orlando itself. This flag design pays respect to the city's history as well as being mindful of the  rogressive community  and forward looking municipality it is. This flag design is the embodiment  of "The City Beautiful."  Background color field 3 stripes represents our natural environment: Clear skies, lush landscapes, & waterways. The orange circle represents the sun & foundational industry. The white ring represents the strong, unending community, city infrastructure, and is an "O" for Orlando. Its centered location in the design reflects Orlando's central position within the state of Florida. It's not just a flag. It's intended to be an interactive avatar for the community. Personal photos, icons for causes, school & sports logos can replace the orange circle inside the "O" in digutal uses. It's flag for the modern age. A symbold to adopt, wave, and rally around. The circles in the middle of the flag represent what we love most about Orlando, such as the "O" in Orlando, a basketball (Orlando magic), a soccer ball ( ions/Pride), Spaceship Earth (Epcot), Mickey Mouse (head/ears), The Orlando Eye. The area where the circles meet, represents the community coming together, unity safety. The color in th emiddle is also representative of the citrus industry that really helped established the city of Orlando. The lines coming into the circles represent the different cities surrounding Orlando, and the poeople that commute into the city, that also add to our culture. The background color is meant to represent the many lakes found within the city and outer limits, and specifically Lake Eola and their Fountain. --- Additional color theory: Purple - royalty, ambition, creativity, pride. Orange - Creativity excitement, adventure. Light blue - health, healing, understanding When I thiink of Orlando I think of so much more than Disney. Lake Eola is at the center of our city and the fountan is an iconic image. I love that they have  een painting the bandstand so I included that. I used the orange on the sides becasue the state of Florida is known for our oranges. I ment to show that Orlando, FL. Is always united no matter what comes our way. What inspired me was the city itself and all its good qualities.  This flag has the cross bars of the Florida flag - Hard to see in black. This design incorporates part of the Eola fountain. The sunshine above pays homeage to the exisiting flag with the sunshine. I wanted the path to be green for  ustainability, but I was using a city marker I recieved at the mayor's Summit on Saturday. It only had pink as the third color. Either pretend the pink path is green or call it pink for inclusion and diversity. The path pays homage to the path in the current city seal. Orlando is a very happy place. We go through the good time, bad times, and all the times in between together. Huge bright sun that suymbolizes sunny Florida. Blue for sky and water. Green for earth and green space. White for unity but also possibility of anything in the  uture. City buildings on one side and openness (open space) on the other. They yellow twelve-point star, blue and green represent the sun, beautiful sky and green outdoors we experience all year round. The blue circle specifically  efers to Lake Eola, but generally refers to all the beautiful lakes in Orlando. As Orlandoans, we see millions of people from around the world each year come to Orlando to play. We love to play here too, so the symmetry between the blue and green corners with the yellow and blue circles suggest a balance. Orlandoans work hard and we play hard and we love to do both right here in the City Beautiful. The doagonal going from bottom left to the top right refers to our perseverance. We are a city on the move and we keep moving up. Also, no matter how the flag is hung; horizontally, vertically or diagonally; the sun will always be above the green horizon. 1. AntorchaL Trabajo, esfuersolo, proeza. 2. Escudo; con leon: Ciudad, tradicion. 3. Arciris - Paz amor promeza, alas fenic. 4. Conquista de Espana, culture,  igracion (Historia) conquista del exito. 5. Participacion de la mujer en servico, entrega, valor, emblema de honra en mano. 6. piramide: de etnias, difersidad de culturas, fortaleza delos USA. 7. Orlando ciudad, creativa, fantastica cuidad.  1- renacer: unidad. _amor 2- ciudad. con alas del cambio 3- nacimiento: al futuro. 4- estrellas de paz y esperanza. (los colores pueden ser cambiados)  1 - Florida central. 2 -  naransa representacion de Orlando. 3 - Cuidad en Avance e industria, (comercio). 4. Arcoires esperauza cultural. 5 - cisnes: y eorazon:  rte, cultura. Superacion. One World  One Family Orlando : The colors red, yellow, and blue represent the diversity of Orlando, when combined together they create anything. The Eola  ountain is a symbol of Orlando. It brings life and beauty to downtown. The blue circle represents Earth and all the people on it that call Orlando home or a home away from home.  explain: it means that it orlando is where the sun hits just right. N/A blue-the nice blue sky  yellow -the bright sun  white-the clouds and the purity N/A N/A This is the call of the ninjas flag. The red abd black face represents the ninjas and the four black stars represent the four powerful ninja kingdome while the  ed ones are the lesser powerful ones. The white is all the rest of the universe left to capture. N/A The beach is my favorite place, it's relaxing to me. N/A N/A N/A Theme: Orlando... the heart of Florida. I meant for it to stand for the sunshine state. Orlando City Coccer connected to Lake Eola. The way that our city looks and only our city.  For the flag I have decided to include some things that Orlando is known for. This includes palm trees, our beautiful buildings, Disney, and the Orlando Eye. The eye in the top left represents Pulse. The colden lion is for the ORlando City Lions. The castle is from the begining of every Disney animation film and then  he mickey mouse symbol. The sun is for the sunshine state. The oranges are for orange county and Florida. The roller coaster is Rip Ride Rocket and the globe is for the universal logo. N/A My design symbolizes that we are all one and we are all different in a good way. Like in the picture, all of the kids are different hights and colors. Also the  lag in the design shows Orlando untited I put this sculpture found downtown called centered. I chose this becuase it represents the arts. I also put the Lake Eola Fountain the fountain is famous. I put  he pulse symbol is across the top to rember the victims. A roller coaster loop, reresenting both tourism and the ups and downs, union and creativity. A rainbow, standing for tolerance, respect, and acceptance of all  ultures and lifestyles in the city. The sun appears in the middle, representing the sunshine state. A capital "O" for Orlando. The Lake Eola's Fountain was drawn from the top, a teal circle which spreads orange and yellow ripples. Finally, it's also a person with open arms, in a friendly and joyful gesture. The colors stands for the citrus culture, the shiny sun, the City Beautifil, the Lake Eola's Fountain and the many lakes in the city.  The orange blossom represents orange county so does the orange color. The O in the middle of the flower is the O for Orlando. And the blue X represents the state  lag. The center of this flag presents an abstract four-petal flower. The geometric shape is inspiried by designs found in forms created by the Native Americans of  entral Florida. The four petals coming together symbolize diversity and harmony. The four shapes together represent the Orlando metropolitan area which encompasses, 1: orange county, 2: seminol county 3: osceola county, 4: lake county. IN addition, the four shapes also represents the City's four main industries: Tourism, entertainment, healthcare, technology. The meaning of colors: Blue - Lakes and skies, Green - lush vegetation of the wetlands (wetlands are also considered the most biogically diverse of all ecosystems, serving as home to a wide range of plant and animal life). Red - sacrifices citizens have made. White - Peace. This flag depicts a simple horizontal band with an "O" in the center, standing for Orlando. The banner is both traditional, with the horizontal band, and modern  ith the ring in the center. The flag also resembles the US Air Force insignia, representing the historical McCoy Air Force Base. The colors, blue and white, are taken from the current city flag and represent hope and perserverance respectively. This flag stands for Orlando's mickeys mouse at disney world because Orlando is where dreams come true. This flag shows a picture of Orlando's famous fountain. Business buildings in the back and a rising sun. Not done The Micky Mouse face is because people associate disney with Orlando and the ears are Oranges. This image represents freedom. The blue is suppose to represent the waves, the orange and yellow is the sunset, the orange because Orlando is known for its oranges, and the sun since Orlando is  unny. N/A The blue represents the water surrounding the US. The equal sign is for equality for the LGBT community after the pulse incident. The orange circles represent  oth oranges and the sun. The Seminole tribe of Floria creates unique patchwork recognized for its beauty and sophistication. THis design takes its inspiration from this artistic expression  THe flag's main design is a diagonal pattern moving the eye from left to right and bottom to top. It fives a feeling of optimism and jope. THe center of the design presents and abstraction of the letter "O" for Orlando. The overall color palette is influenced by the city unique georgaphy featuring more than 100 lakes. Blue signifies hope and white stands for piece. At the end, all the elements together present a flag that is dynamic, uplifting, and proud that suggests the true character and energy of the City and its people. At the center of this flag is a bursting sun. The "o" in the center represents Orlando (the center of Orange County), but is also abstractly symbolizes unity,  nclusion, and potential. The color orange means sunshine, happiness, and creativity. This celebrates the bountiful amusements parks and creative TV studios. The white lines radiating outwards shows that Orlando is growing and moving upwards. The color white represents peace. The blue is associated with trustworthiness, faith, and water. I wanted to represent the 100 lakes found in Orlando. This flag honors the Orlando shooting, while also celebrating the positive aspects of Orlando. Through 4 bars of color, I incorporate the sunrise as a metorphic expression of new beginning, power, growth, health, passion and the cycle of life. After the  nfortunate event that happened in the summer of 2015, we applaud how the Orlando community stayed strong and united. The sunrise shows the strength of the Orlando community; lifting themselves up in order to continue to prosper and become stronger as a community. This flag is inspired by the "Everlasting Fire" legend. A powerful Native American story found in the Seminolal tribes. CONCEPT: "When the world was still new"  he Master of Breath honored the natives of Central Florida with a gift: The "Everlasting Fire" was bestowed upon us to "warm our houses, cook our food, and light our councils." A graphic symbol of the "Everlasting Fire" is found across many textiles of the Seminole tribe of Florida. It's made up of vertical diamond shapes on top of each other. DESIGN: The design takes the graphic symbol as a basis, yet makes it modern and unique. Visually it presents the "Everlasting Fire" as an endless flow moving from left to right and from lower to higher. It's positive, hopeful, fluid and memorable. This flag honors the past, present, and future by keeping the "Everlasting Fire" alive for many generations to come. I chose the colors because that is what Orlando is. It is friendly it is welcoming. It is sweet, that is why I chose these colors. This is Orlando to me. The city is about soccer, basketball, and our rememberance of the pulse tradgety. Red and white to honor and represent the connection to the great state of Florida. Blue to symbolize and link us to the former Orlando flag and shared history. Wheel (Orlando Eye) to the many attractions and never ending beauty that Orlando is so well known and loved for. N/A Could make the oval and everything inside bigger. This was inspired by Lake Eola,one of the most beautiful attractions in Orlando. I made this flag to symbolize that Orlando is the heart of Florida.  I wanted to represent Orlando and what we're about.  Symbolizes the buildings in Orlando. Symbolism: The sun stands for the ever-present sun that gives us the name :The Sunshine State." The blue water symbolizes the spray from the Lake Eola fountain.  he blue at the top represents our vivid blue sky and unifies the image! Symbolism: The sun stands for the ever-present sun that gives us the name :The Sunshine State." The blue water symbolizes the spray from the Lake Eola fountain.  he optional purple border alludes to our famous soccer team! Symbolism: The sun stands for the ever-present sun that gives us the name :The Sunshine State." The blue water symbolizes the spray from the Lake Eola fountain.  he bright colors emphasizes the vivid nature of our state.  Teeth N/A "we are one under the sun" represents how we are equals.  N/A N/A This interpretation of the flag is that of a recognizable city skylin and a breezy palm tree. I feel the big circle represents the "O" in Orlando. The stripes are  ymbolic of a rainbow and the diversity of the citizens. I chose the colors Yellow, Lime Green and Purple I feel the lime green represents the air quality and pride that the city takes in maintenance and appearance. The yellow represents the abundance of sunshine, it is associated with itellect and energy (as in sports) and it is also arouses cheerfulness. The purple respresents art, peace, pride and magic.. To me, this is the personality of the city and its citizens. Thank you very much for this opportunity, former long time Orlando resident, Charlene Hemmle N/A Black border - represents power and strength. It's the framework that binds Orlando community together. Black is the absense of color. It's how we should view  ach other as people of one nation. Yellow circle - Shape and color is used to mainly represent the sun. A nod to the amount of yearly sunshine we experience in Orlando. It might also represent the citrus industry (Grapefruits). Oranges are cliche. Zig Zag corners - Derived from  the Seminole Indians symbology and are used to represent lightning in many of their weavings. It ties in with the fact that Central Florida is the lightning capitol of the world. Additionally, Seminole indians play a pivitol role in central florida's rich history. Seen together from all four corners, they direct your eye towards the center of the design. Green background - The lush tropical vegetaion of central florida. Green is also a cool positive color. It tranlates to "Go" as in, lets go to florida. "Wealth" from the funds derived from our robust tourist industry. "Cool and crisp" for how our landscapes appear after a summer rain. "Envy" from all the snowbirds who dream of visiging Orlando during the winter months. "alligators & Lizards" for their color and abundance in our region of the country. White stars - Stars have always been a symbol of our nation. Represent fireworks in celebration of our countries indement spirit. More importantly, they represent the 12 men who lande don the moon. They are a symbol of our local space community and innovationa nd hard working people who help the U.S. shoot for the stars everyday. They also represent the abundance of theme parks filled with world famous stars and icons that people from all over the globe come here to see and experience. Stylized Palm Tree - The palm tree is one of the quinessential icons that represents the tropical floavor of Florida and our region of the country (Besides oranges and alligators - again, cliche and over - used) The 11 palm fronds, in combination witht he stars mentioned above, also also a nod to the Apollo 11 astronauts - the first humans to ever walk on the surgace of the moon. The palm is majestic and holds gret symmetry in this design. Palm tree - Sun - Stars : Seen together all 3 of these shapes might also suddest the abrtract idea of a ferris wheel. After all, the newest attraction to the Orlando skyline, The Orlando Eye, in an exceptional structure. And, without being too obvious or leaning in the direction of one themed attraction over another, it's just more symbology to represent the vast amount of exciting things to do in and around the great city of Orlando.  This flag consists of an orange burst that both represent's Orlando's historic orange and citrus groves as well as a firework bursting against the night sky, a  eference to the theme parks and celebratory events that Orlando is known across the globe for. This burst can also be interpreted as a capital letter "O" for Orlando. THe teal and blue stripes crossing the flag represent the marshlands and lakes that weave throughout the city and nearby countries. N/A This flag represents the simplistic beauty of a sunny city with a more pronounced in the sky "O" for Orlando. Outstretched from the sun are rays representing the  acets of the city. I chose the colors Orange, yellow, and turquoise. Yellow represents the abundance of sunshine and always arouses cheerfulness. Orange is associated with intellect, positivity and energy (like in sports). The turquoise is linked to sophistication, tranquility and protection. It also represent the color of the many lakes and beautiful skies of Orlando. I also feel that the rays are symbolic of the rainbow or the many cultures that call the city home. Thank you greatly for this amazing opportunity, former long time Orlando resident, Charlene Hemmle. My flag represents "oranges" because Florida is known as the state of oranges because they provide oranges for other states and people usually represent Florida  ith oranges or flowers. Firework of Joy & Convergence Flag - A firework bursing against the night sky references the joy brought by the many theme parks and celebratory events held in  rlando. The orange found in the firework represents Orlando's historic orange and citrus groves and the yellow pays homage to the sunshine that the state of Florida is nicknamed for. The concentric circles of the burst also represent the many people from across the globe that converge on Orlando everyday. N/A N/A The green and blue stripes represent simplified Florida peninsula surrounded by the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. The "O" offset on the upper right  orner shows Orlando's relative position in Florida. Lake Eola is represented by the blue center of the O. 6 rays protrude from the "O" for the city's 6 districts, taking form of a sun (for climate) or a ferris wheels's spokes (tourism). The orange tint of the pattern represents Orlando as the seat for Orange County. 6 Point Orange Blossom: - The orange blossom is our state flower. - Orlando is located in Orange county. - 1875 to 1895 is remembered as Orlando's Golden Era,  hen it became the hub of Florida's citrus industry. -The blue represents our beautiful skies and water bodies. I thought this would be a good flag because Orlando is a loving community and there are alot of swans. N/A The colors of Florida citrus blue green. The yellow represents how beautiful the city is and and the blue represents the people. As you walk around downtown Orlando, you look up and see gorgeous skyscrapers with the sun reflecting off their windows. As you walk around lake eola, you see  eautiful palm trees. I drew a beach and a pretty sunset because Florida is know for their beautiful beaches and sunsets. N/A N/A Yellow - The brilliant sunshine found in the sunshine state. Blue - the numerous lakes and wetlands. White - The innovation of our citizens. 4 intersecting  uadrants - Out location at th eheart of Central FL. Compas Rose - Our status as worlds top tourist destination. Circle - A subtle "O" for Orlando. 2 things that define Orlando - Sun, skyline, and swans. All brought together by love. Orlando is known for it's swans, the Lake Eola Fountain, and it's sunshine. So why not intertwine them all in one graphic? This flag represents multiple aspects of Orlando. Each of the two blue figures depicts water spewing from the Fountain at Lake Eola. These two shapes form an "O"  n the center, representing the name Orlando (O-Town). The culmination of these forms is a loopy shape that resembles roller coasters, representing the tourism industry in Orlando. The green on this flag represents vibrancy and natural beauty, as well as growth. The blue represents Orlando's lakes. The orange represents the sunset while the blue at the bottom represents the lakes and other bodies of water in Florida. The stigma of the flower is also blue  ecause it illustrates the water that comes from the lake eola fountain. and the fountain itself. Finally, the flower is an orange blossom, Florida's national flower. The type of flower starts with the letter "O" which then symbolize the "o" for Orlando. "Between the Blues" 3 Colors: White (Lake Underhill Bridge), Sky (Sky blue 319), Water (Light blue 304). THis is lake underhill bridge and past the east piller (I  ive in the east) the shite lines on the right side are cables facing downtown Orlando. The gay orange and blue colors over a white background accentuate a memorable emphasis on a 21st century city's artistic/cultural goals./ The curved blue line  eminds one of open, welcoming arms, as well as an upward-facing smile. / The stark, straight lines in matching colors below give emphasis to the symbolized goals mentioned here within. The bird symbolizes freedom. THe cross symbolizes peace. THe orange color symbolizes oranges. The green color symbolizes alligators. The red stands for bravery and love, the white stands for leadership, and the orange stands for the citrus fruit in Florida. The green symbolizes gentleness. The blue symbolizes loyalty. The yellow symbolizes the sun. The red symbolizes bravery. The orange symbolizes successs. The white  ymbolizes leadership.  N/A N/A The red in this flag represents bravery. The white leadership. The lightning bolts power. The orange as what we are known for. And the similarity to the florida  lag shows that we represent florida. The blue represents lakes. The orange represents the sun. The green represents the green grass. N/A N/A N/A Sun = warmth, Blue = lakes, Green = nature The orange represents Florida oranges. The sun ray represents happiness and the Sunshine State and the hill turquoise is for peace. The bunny represents lots of bunnys that are by my house. The orange tree represents the citrus in Orlando. The blue sky represents the sky! Orange at the center for our current and historical connection to citrus. blue lake surrounding the orange is in an "O" shape for Orlando and blue to represent  ur lakes. Green to cover the rest represents our "summertime" seasons. The orange is for the citrus in FL. The yellow and orange beams stand for the sunshine. Butterfly Groves are found in Florida and Orlando. Butterflies are powerful representatives of life. Blue and yellow flowers symbolize frienship and trust. The  olor green represents harmony and growth. The color red represents energy,fire,strength and desire. N/A N/A N/A N/A I chose to draw this flag because the fountain represents Orlando to me. The blue and green represent peace. The dark blue is the sky and the light blue is the ocean and the orange is the sand. The buildings represent downtown Orlando and its devolpment. The sun represents Orlando's unique warm weather and the rest represents the sky. The blue represents the water, and skys. The yellow the sand, and sun. The orange contributes to the yellow (Sun) by making it look like a sunset or sun rise. The blue represents lakes and the green represents nature. The side ways stripes represents diversity. Because most people use going up and down. N/A Peace sign = Diversity, X = roads, Light blue = lakes and rivers, dark blue = Sky This flag represents our sunshine in Florida. We are important like the sun. The sun represents everyone being united.  The tree represents everyone being sharing, caring, and being kind. N/A This flag represents Lake Eola because we see a lot of citrus furit her. It is a orange to repsent citrus. It is improtin because it should repsent citrus in  lorida is the citrus state so why not use this idea. I drew a rainbow and a strawberry field. It is important because a rainbow represents differences. Orlando has beautiful rainbows. I drew the City because it is where we live and work. The city repersents living and working. The city is important because it's where we do stuff, live and work  nd without the city we have no were to work, play, live or go to school. My symbol is a swan. It is important because swans are at lake eola. It reprisents the swans at lake eola. It's important because swans don't wonder into the city. The swans are really cool. We drew an orange, for the state of Florida, resting on top of the Lake Eola fountain. We drew the fountain because it is commonly used to symbolize the city of  rlando. It is important to show these items because if someone were to see this flag, it shows them the main parts of Orlando, and it may make them want to visit. We also his the letter "O" inside of the orange, to represent Orlando. We would be proud to see this flag hanging over our beautiful city.  I drew a fish. because I love fishing. because fish help people.  I chose the heart because it is a symbol of love and love beats hate! THis picture is a flower. The flower represents kindness and their are lots of flowers in Orlando! This description helps the people of Orlando to spread kindness. This flag represents the Orlando Eye. It represents Orlando because it shows the suburb side and the tourist side. these symbols make up the origin and meaning of  rlando. This attraction sums up Orlando from the view of the attraction. The ------ of Orlando. Pride of Universal. Orlando is famour for the Universal. I drawed a popsickle melting in the sun. I drew this picture because when I was little I ate popsickel and I didnt eat it in time so it melted. The represents  rlando because I see a lot of people eating popsickels in Orlando. This  is important because it gets hot and you need a cold treat so you need a popsickel. My flag designs all follow the five principles of a flag design, while still having a meaning behind each part if it. The old flag was complicated and full of  verything while lacking it's own identity. My designs, while all variants of each other, are all simple yet distinct. The fountain in the center represents Orlando and the Lake Eola Park, and the colors show contrast, making it easily recognizable while representing Orlando, the blue and white represetns tranquility, softness, safety and purity. I believe that Orlando has all of those qualitites and more, and that I am proud to be a part of the community. My flag designs all follow the five principles of a flag design, while still having a meaning behind each part if it. The old flag was complicated and full of  verything while lacking it's own identity. My designs, while all variants of each other, are all simple yet distinct. The fountain in the center represents Orlando and the Lake Eola Park, and the colors show contrast, making it easily recognizable while representing Orlando, the blue and white represetns tranquility, softness, safety and purity. I believe that Orlando has all of those qualitites and more, and that I am proud to be a part of the community. My flag designs all follow the five principles of a flag design, while still having a meaning behind each part if it. The old flag was complicated and full of  verything while lacking it's own identity. My designs, while all variants of each other, are all simple yet distinct. The fountain in the center represents Orlando and the Lake Eola Park, and the colors show contrast, making it easily recognizable while representing Orlando, the blue and white represetns tranquility, softness, safety and purity. I believe that Orlando has all of those qualitites and more, and that I am proud to be a part of the community. Orlando is a name known worldwide for its vast culture, ethnicities, and opportunity. In the center are a large"O" and a six-pointed star. The "O" is the intial  f our fair city and education, tourism, transportation, infrastructure, and the places that help promote advancements in science and medicine. The blue stripe symbolizes our waterways and blue skies. I chose white to show the purity of the citizen's affection towards Orlando. Purple would be its contrast, one stripe to represent the beauty of our area and pride for our city. The orange stripe represents our deep roots in the citrus industry, and celebrates native Seminole tribes and early settlers that founded the city of Orlando.  I incorporated two tones of colors, equal separation between each block o fcolor, as well as a gold symbol in the middle of the flag. The colors are deep and  eflect each other well, while different, they belong in the same color family. This represents the people residing in Orlando, as well as those who visit. The gold symbol in th emiddle represents both the sun and amusement Orlando has to offer. Our newest, and proudest, addition to us is the Orlando Eye, and can be a direct reflection of that. Also, the sun shining down on Orlando, almost everyday The Sunshine State) is an incredible indicator of our location for those who reside here, and those who visit us. People come and go through our beautiful city, and those who come to stay, or have been here for years should have a flag that represents just that. I incorporated two tones of colors, equal separation between each block o fcolor, as well as a gold symbol in the middle of the flag. The colors are deep and  eflect each other well, while different, they belong in the same color family. This represents the people residing in Orlando, as well as those who visit. The gold symbol in th emiddle represents both the sun and amusement Orlando has to offer. Our newest, and proudest, addition to us is the Orlando Eye, and can be a direct reflection of that. Also, the sun shining down on Orlando, almost everyday The Sunshine State) is an incredible indicator of our location for those who reside here, and those who visit us. People come and go through our beautiful city, and those who come to stay, or have been here for years should have a flag that represents just that. Choosing these specific colors for the flag was difficult, but with a couple of great memories, I finally gave meaning to my three colors I chose for my Orlando  lag. The first color of choice was brown. I chose brown, because brown represents nature and the great city of Orlando has nice scenic areas all around the city. orange was my second choice, because Orlando is known for delicious oranges. The wonderful city even has a county called "Orange County". My last choice was blue. I chose blue, because when you see water you see blue and Orlando has beautiful water. My colors represents the beauty and positiveness of the wonderful City of Florida, telling those who never visited Orlando, to check it out. If the flag is chosen I hope billions will understand the reason between the colors. Even through the flag is created simple the explanation is not.  A flag should be simple ,recognizable and easily distinguishable from other flags,which like Orlando,is in many ways,different,in a good way. It maintains the  ame blue from the original flag,which represents the grand waterways and sky,while the orange is to never forget the grand orange groves that used to stand and that are now being eradicated. The white orange blossom represents the purity and innocence that its people fight for and keep this city going strong. As people we should never forget the strife and turmoil this city has gone through in recent years. Me Myself,not being from Orlando,I chose to consider this City the best city to live,which speaks volumes in itself. I feel that this is my city, my home , in which people from near or far can feel welcome in this fantastic place! N/A N/A The green represents our nature and greenland. The blue stripe is a body of water running through the land. The orange is a bright sunrise in the horizon. This  lag's colors show are different physical features around Orlando and also, diversity among people. Yellow - The sunny times in Orlando. Blue - Lakes in Orlando. Red - Bravery from the things Orlando has gone through. The fountain stands for Orlando and the rainbow stands for Pulse and how we came together.  Leadership is love and gentleness and calm as water. This flag has an orange in the middle and three of the same pretty colors on either side. The orange stands for the sun. The blue stands for the sky. The green stands for the grass on the ground. The yellow is for the Sun. The blue and orange is for the diversity of Orlando. The sun showes how their's always another day to come. The red abolve the sun showes the heat that always keeps us warm. The stripes show the unity of Orlando and  he light blue behind the sun shows the trail that we leave behind. N/A Hi! Please excuse the crude drawing, I ran out of time. I realize I used more than reccommended colors but thought rainbow signified not just the Pulse shootings  ut also the "somewehre over the rainbow"  theme "where dreams really do come true." I used a map of FL with a heart where Orlando was located. The orange is bright and represents the growth of Orlando (state flower orange blossom). Lastly I added a palm tree and a sun to represent our tourism. One of the parameters was that school age kids could draw the flag. This design will teach kids teh colors of the rainbow (roygbiv) but if you turn it upside down I feel most kids will be able to draw it (aside from drawing Florida) with no issue.  Lake Eola Fountain: Red, white, blue - Top USA tourist destination. Red lines - brick streets in "Old Orlando." This paddle board represents how much fun and how many paddle boarding places there are. This is important because if you don't have paddle boarding or another  un thing, you wont have any fun. I drew the lake eola fountain in to circles. I chose this because the lake eola fountain is historical. This is important becuase people gather there for  mportant events.  My flag stands for the oranges (orange). All the land (green). And all the lakes (blue). I drew it because it symbolizes Orlando. It is important becasue it shows  ll the things that are in Orlando.  The palm tree is for the beaches. The red stands for bravery and love. The white stands for leadership, and the yellow and orange is for all the rainbows. It is  mportant to the people of Orlando because the colors represent them. I drew a swan and palm trees. I drew this because I thought that it would be a good symbol for Orlando. This symbol is important because that swan symbolizes  eace and you find palm trees often in Orlando. My flag represents many things in Orlando inlcuding an orange which is a part of Florida in general. It has the Lake Eola fountain because it is a beautiful  ttraction of the city. Finally it has a rainbow representing the Pulse nightclub shooting my flag I feel represents my home town in many ways.  I drew and alligator and a sunshine to represent Orlando. I drew the sun to represent how Orlando is always sunny, and I drew the gator to showcase some of the  ildlife we have. These symbols represent Orlando because alligators are part of our wildlife and we have sun year-round. I chose a picture of Lake Eola fountain. I used this as my flag becuase the fountain is a big attraction. This is important becuase almost everyone that comes  ere sees it. I chose this symble because it were torists go on trips. It is important because it is the largest fares wheel in Orlando. It is important to Orlando because it  ooks over all of Orlando. I chose a sun and the Lake Eola Fountain. I drew a sun because Orlando is very sunny, and it has nice weather. I drew the Lake Eola Fountain because it is an  mportant symbol in Orlando. This flag will be important to people in Orlando becuase it shows some things that Orlando is about. In my flag, I drew a heart, a sun, and a palm tree. I drew a palm tree because there are numerous palm trees in Orlando. I drew a sun because in Florida it has a  right sun that shines. Lastly, I drew a heart to symbolize Orlando Strong. I did this to honor the people who lost their lives in the tragic night club shooting. I think that this is important to the people of Orlando because it shows how amazing Orlando is and how strong we all are.  I drew this because a lot of pepol like oranges and I like them to. I drew a rainbow because of what happend. The symbol is a sunset with an orange tree in front. This symbol is special for Orlando because Orlando has really ripe oranges. I put a flower because of it reminds me of sunshine and it's also seen a lot in Orlando. Aspeshuly in spring. I chose this fountain because  they are inuc. I also chose it to represent all the colors in Lake Eola. That is why there is a rainbow. It also represents the  ulse night club The three main colors of this flag are green, orange, and blue. The blue represents water, a symbol of life, representing the life of Orlando as well as the  arious bodies of water found throughout our beautiful city. The orange represents orlando as the seat of Orange County. Green represents Orlando's committment to environmental sustainabiity as well as growth and prosperity. The tree reaffirms our committment to environmental sustainability and is also found in our City's seal. The sun represents Orlando's place in the sunshine state and our year-round sunny climate. I drew Lake Eola because it is a symbol of people gathering around for the Farmers Market. Lake Eola represents people gathering around and having fun.  I chose to draw three palm trees because there are so many of them here. I wanted to make a blue background because we have so much water. I hope this shows what   want it to show and I hope you like it. This is a symbol of a swan catching a fish because the swans in Orlando are big. IT is important because these birds are amazing and they like people. I think  his would be a great flag because swans are amazing birds and they are a big part of Orlando. The symbol is an orange and it represents Orange County, it's important to me becuause we live in Orange County. I chose a great blue heron for the symbol of Orlando because I think it represents Orlando's natural beauty and wildlife. In different countries the heron  ymbolizes: Strength, purity, patience, and longevity, and I think Orlando always resembles these things, especially after tragedies. The hero is a symbol of the uncommon wildlife you have in Florida, you don't walk into Califorina and see herona on a riverbank. The symbol that I have drawn is the fontain on Lake Eola. This symbol represents Orlando because it is the hearty and beauty of the City. The fontain is important  ecause it is a gathering place for the people. It brings them together.  Orlando is a name known worldwide for its vast culture,ethniticities, and opportunity. In the center are a large "O" and a six-pointed star. The "O" is the  nitial of our fair city and represents its vastness and our landmark. The points on the star signify our businesses, education, tourism, transportation, infrastructure, and the places that help promote advancements in science and medicine. The Blue Stripe symbolizes our waterways and blue skies. I chose a white stripe to show the purity of the citizen's affection towards Orlando. Purple, its contrast, the "O" and star are purple to represent our deep roots in the Citrus Industry, and celebrates native Seminole tribes and early settlers that founded the city of Orlando. My symble is two swans in the water at night. What is means for orlando in Lake Eola there are swan boats. It is important because swans are popular in Orlando. I drew this symbol because the Lake Eola Fountain is one of the most iconic symbols in Orlando. The Lake Eola Fountain is important because that is the symbol of  ake Eola Park, a place where hundreds of citizens meet together and socialize.  Orlando wants a new flag that ouwld better represent our city compared to our more complex and cluttered flag that we're curently using. I'll be desciring the  edails of the flag and edxplaining how the flag gives off its symbolism. The orange slices underneath the orange represents rising hills of Orlando's substancial amount of fresh oranges. The orange between the hills represent the rising sun, showcasing the succss of Orlando's bright population. The leaf on top of the orange represent the vitality of everyone and everything in Orlando. And last but not least, the blue line running down the leaf is a stream of water connecting the body of water showcasing Orlando's many various water parks that will leave tourists with a memory of their time at Orlando.  The symbol I drew was a sun because every time I go outside I see the sun shining bright across the sky. It represents Florida because of its beaches, and heatness  This is important because with no sun, Orlando wouldn't be the same, I am positive that this drawing will mean a lot to people who see it.  I've resided in Orlando for the last seventeen years of my life. Despite that, it's alsways felt like a place I lived, not a place I loved. That all changed on  une 12th of last year, as the devastating events of the Pulse massacre rocked our community. That day, I sat in a state of overwhelming grief and shock. As a member of the LGBT community, I also felt a sense of fear - was Orlando no longer a safe place for me? The immediate outpouring of love from the community - from mile long lines to give blood to rainbow colored everything made me truly and deeply believe in our city being Orlando strong. Because of that, I made sure to heavily feature a Pulse in my flag design. I also wanted to feature the Lake Eola fountain, which serves as a beautiful centerpeice to our city. The colors I chose were orange and blue. Orange for obvious reasons (who can think of anything Florida without thinking of our booming citrus industry?) and blue to represent our pictureque lakes. I chose the crane because I like birds. And they represent Orlando because they are big and unusual for orlando. Swan, weeds, fountain, sunset, stars. Swan is logo of Orlando, fountain is in Orlando. The hole thing represents Orlando.  Flags are used for many reasons to symbolized a distinctive design or it can either represent a maeeage or meaning or maybe just decorative purposes. These three  lags that I have freated to me represents all of these in ones. It stands on it own, and carries its own draditional trims and cut. Sharing with the four stars on each corner representing Orlando and it being the forth larges city in Florida. Florida is a beautiful state and should have a flag that portay the same for, that's where oranges comes in representing reproduction. All over Florida we strive for a brighter future and safer city that why we have our orange blossom alongside the bow and arrow made of wood and features make of natural resources representing the strentgh, power, unity, and security. Here in Orlando is a city of opportunity with many goals to be reached and that where we bring in the gold trim representing success. The success that every Orlando resident stands for. These three flags represent the strength, power, and unity, and security we all strive for daily. Flags are used for many reasons to symbolized a distinctive design or it can either represent a maeeage or meaning or maybe just decorative purposes. These three  lags that I have freated to me represents all of these in ones. It stands on it own, and carries its own draditional trims and cut. Sharing with the four stars on each corner representing Orlando and it being the forth larges city in Florida. Florida is a beautiful state and should have a flag that portay the same for, that's where oranges comes in representing reproduction. All over Florida we strive for a brighter future and safer city that why we have our orange blossom alongside the bow and arrow made of wood and features make of natural resources representing the strentgh, power, unity, and security. Here in Orlando is a city of opportunity with many goals to be reached and that where we bring in the gold trim representing success. The success that every Orlando resident stands for. These three flags represent the strength, power, and unity, and security we all strive for daily. Flags are used for many reasons to symbolized a distinctive design or it can either represent a maeeage or meaning or maybe just decorative purposes. These three  lags that I have freated to me represents all of these in ones. It stands on it own, and carries its own draditional trims and cut. Sharing with the four stars on each corner representing Orlando and it being the forth larges city in Florida. Florida is a beautiful state and should have a flag that portay the same for, that's where oranges comes in representing reproduction. All over Florida we strive for a brighter future and safer city that why we have our orange blossom alongside the bow and arrow made of wood and features make of natural resources representing the strentgh, power, unity, and security. Here in Orlando is a city of opportunity with many goals to be reached and that where we bring in the gold trim representing success. The success that every Orlando resident stands for. These three flags represent the strength, power, and unity, and security we all strive for daily. Orlando. City Beautiful. We call our city "beautiful" because it is BEAUTIFUL. We love the waters that surround us. That's why we put color blue in our flag. We love all the greens - because we enjoy the green all year long. That's why we have green in our flag. Orlando is in state of Florida. The "Sunshine State". That's why we have sun in our flag. The sky is mostly bright in our city. We live close to the place where we send space ships out to the space. That's why there is a star in our flag. That's why I chose color blue, green, and yellow. That's why I chose sun and a star in this flag. Coral Snake - the embodiment of fearsome awe and singular beauty, reflects some of the intrigue that Orlando exhibits. What a great flag respectfully undulating in freshehing airs. "If the nose is black, it's Bad for Jack!" Orlando Florida - The city beautiful is truly a diamond in the usn, magnificently glittering! The orange represents the orange groves that were once the legacy of Orlando. It's half an orange, peeking over the Fountain of Lake Eola like a signature  eautiful Central Florida sunset. Blue represents the water of Orlando's most iconic lake and also the blue of the sky. These colors work well together becuase the bold and bright contrasting colors personify the spirit of our eclectic community. This Orlando flag uses bright and warm colors to represent our climate. They also represent the happiness in the City Beautiful. The orange is central to our  lag, as orange groves were once central to our economy. The negative space of the orange contains a palm tree, indigenous and representative of our ecology. Overall this flag is reminiscent of sunshine. I means Orlando The p Purple for Orlando's civic unity, derived from Orlando City SC's primary color. White for Orlando's bright future. ORange for Orange County and the historic citrus industry. Purple and Orange being the colors of Orlando's beautiful sunsets. Purple: red 97, green 43, blue 155 (#612B9B). Orange: Red 250, green 115, blue 1 (#FA7301) Everybody can be together The symbolism of my flag is sun, the colors I see when I look around. To unite, ever since Pulse people been encoraged to do bad things, so I want to remind them with this flag that Pulse wasn't just about the shooting, it was about the people who surrendered. Perpectual Light THe flag I made represents a few things. The blue represents the wetlands that make up Orlando. The white bottom half represents the limestone bedrocks. The 5 stripes on top represent the founding of fort gatlin, the division of Mosquito County, the incorporation of the town of Orlando, the Great Freeze, and the creation of Walk Disney World. Thank you for reading. Because the people stand for fun. And the buildings stand for the City. And the stars stand for strength. White: Purity/Possibilities. Blue bands: Teamwork and water. Redshield: Accomplishment/unity/strong will. Blue Star: Shining example for other cities to Emulate Red: Active spirit/Strong will. Shield: strength/solidarity/unity. Gold bands of light: Sun/Hope White Star: Progress N/A The symbolism behind my design is that I love Orlando and it the prettiest place in the word. So I made blue for lake Eola, yellow for sunshine and green for the  arks and the design in the middle is Lake Eola. So thank you! Navy/background: Water/sky/commitment (blue). Gold Bands of light: Sun/hope/progress. Red rook of Orlando:  trength/sport/stretegy/competition/discipline/skill/Fortitude/beauty/tradition/honor/teamwork/leadership/achievement I included the Lake Eola fountain in my design not only because it is unique to our city but also because it has become symbolic of the united front of Orlando.  t is our gathering place for celebrations, commerce, and now where we showed the world that we are a city of peace (dove), unity, and strength (hands coming together). The purple and blue represents our support for our beloved basketball and soccer teams, the yellow represents the sunshine and warmth of our city. N/A The purple field stands for inclusion. The white outter ring stands for fun in the many parks. The green ring stands for the great ecological diverse gardens. The  nner ring stands for the local populus. The inner purple stands for the many visitors having the time of their lives. "O" for orlando & its the "O" in Love Six white petals on an orange field stand for celebration, laughter, energy, generosity, excitement and warmth. The white fountain displays goodness and purity.  he purple in the fly stands for love and inlusivity. 6 districts promoting happyness. 6 districts of Orlando are petals of a new flower. Pure white for innocence and peacefulness. Blue hoist field to stand for Lake Eola. Bold white emblem is the  ountain that displays so well. THe purple fly field represents inclusivity and fun. My design uses 'O' from Orlando as the centerpiece surrounding the Lake Eola fountain. The upper arc of the 'O' symbolizes both a rainbow and unity as it spans  he sky. The reflection in the water closes out the 'O' and closes the circle of unity. The blue of the fountain and white of the 'O' are meant to be bright and hopeful images and stand out on the blue flag. History tells us that the City of Orlando was the hub of the citrus industry during the Golden Era so the orange symbol represents our history. The city of  rlando is geographically located in the center of the state of Florida, also known as the "Sunshine State", and brings many of Orlando's population due to the sunny, beautiful weather which is why the sun is located directly in the center of the flag. The blue color represents many of Orlando's surrounding lakes but one in particular is the city's most popular lake known as Lake Eola. This is a stylized view of standing on a brick street (brown) looking at a park (green) on a lake (dark blue), with trees on the opposeide side (green) and sky  bove (light blue) with a tree. Purple = Sports, Green = Vegetation, Yellow = Happiness, Orange = Sunrail, Rays = Activities, things to do Within my three submissions I used a variation of similar design elements that symbolize Orlando- all of which are based heavily on the Lake Eola fountain, the O  n Orlando, and the city's outward reach. I have over 50 variations - was difficult to submit only three. Many great designs eliminated due to four colors (counting white).   This submission is highly simplified from my others. The blue shape of a Disney spire is replicated on the fountain pointing at the seven outer fountains to form a simplied sun. The blue spire stands for the numerous theme parks and also the outward lying attractions to which MCO provides access including the space coast. The spire also represents a space launch and the growth (blossomimg) of Orlando.   While the backgroung of the flag could be numerous configurations of blue, green, and yellow- I chose a sun-filled yellow sky and blue water for this rendering. I decided to choose a flag design that was simple but had a deep meaning to it. The colors I chose to use were blue and green because these two colors in  articular are able to tell the story of Orlando well. THe design for my flag was inspired by my experiences and observations of Orlando. The main icon on the flag is a globe at the center. Orlando is a city known to many and is globally recognized as a city filled with opportunity and adventure. You will notice a green stripe on each side of the bridge. Green represents growth. The green stripes acts as a bridge from many differnet nations that infliuences tourism and ultimately causes ORlando to grow as a city. THe background of the flag is blue, for the simple reason that blue symbolizes stability. Orlando is a city that demonstrates stability and unity. As a whole orlando demonstrates this quite well. As an example, the Orlando Pulse shooting portrayed out united we all are as people despire race or religion. The heart and swans portion of the flag is an homage to our city's beloved lake eola swans and our nature & water conservation efforts. The heart (made of water)  urrounds the city beautiful skyline, and is a reminder that through triumph and tragedy we stand together as one city surrounded in love. The buildings represent our city's evergrowing marketplace. The buildings increase in stature as a sign of growth (but still works when viewed from the other side). The heart holds the city in close to signify that despite Orlando's growing role in the arena of arts, commerce, and entrepreneurship, we have not lost our connection to community. The base creates a sense of stability, strength, and place. It pays tribute to the City of Orlando logo, which incorporates the "Linton E. Allen Memorial Fountain" (Lake Eola) - an icon of "the city beautiful".  Colors - Purple: Peace, pride, ambition, creativity, and magic. A bold color for our city and commonly found on civil pride material (Orlando city soccer bumper stickers, Pulse shirts, etc.) Blue: peace and tranquility, promotes thinking. A serene color for our city that also represents the many lakes and ponds in the Orlando Area. White: Clarity, openness and wholeness. It is all the colors combines, a true representation of our city's rich and diverse culture. Together these colors have been prominently used in many city related civil promotions (Orlando Pride stickers, for example). It makes sense to work with colors taht are already well received and established.   The symbolism in my flag includes the iconic Lake Eola fountain, which, to me, is a very special, visual, lasting, and memorable symbol of Orlando. That is why I  eft it green. The yellow represents the many sunny days we enjoy here in Orlando, as well as all of Florida. Purple represents the color of our soccor teams: Orlando Lions and Orlando Pride. Additionally, purple is used to honor our dead, and specific to orlando, are the 49 lost at Pulse. The palm trees are another icon of Orlando and Florida. This flag represents the best of Orlando. The shape is a cross, representing the diversity of our city. Our residents come from the four corners of the map to  ive in The City Beautiful. The cross meets an "O" which represents the initial of our City, Orlando. In the middle of the flag is a swan, a regal symbol of downtown Orlando and the heart of the City. The colors of the flag are blue, green, and white. Blue is the primary color that the City has historically used. It is in our welcome signs and street signs. Blue also represents the lakes, rivers, and waterways of our City. Green represents growth, both environmentally and economically. THe city of Orlando strives to be the most sustainable city in the southeast. White represtnts a fresh start with this new flag, and many new opportunities available to our residents.  The blue background with a white stripe denotes the two bodies of water between which we sit. The sun represents the beauty of our city and is created with rays  hat mimic a compass flower. This represents bothe the many places from which people come to gather here as visitors and wht wide diversity... in race, religion, and orientation... of those of us who call Orlando home. The blue outline of the flag symbolizes the water that flows throughout central Florida. The fountain symbolizes the diversity that flows through our community.  he large orange circle indicates the circle of friends that you make when you come to this community. The ears.. yes the ears are there to remind us to listen to each and every person. The city of Orlando flag... it is a beacon of hope. My flag reprents Orlando because it hag blue for piece yellow for responcebility in the city. Black is for awarnes and danger. My flag shows how we all get along  nd the ivirement. Reason my flag shows animals and natral habbitats. My flag shows animals getting along. it also shows the faintain for the water. I also put the sun for the rain clouds and sky water for being good sky for breez.  The Orange blossom is a most distinctive flora for the state of Florida. The citrus industry is a foundation of Florida history and identity. Florida means  flowery" in Spanish. The city of orlando was founded in 1875; thus, the five petals and seven anthers visually represent the year of incorporation. The petals point to five Florida regions through which Orlando intersects. Orlando inhabits the center of the state; and the City Beautiful welcomes all with petals outstretched. The white petals represent protection and encouragement. The recent growth of the City is symbolized by the pollen-producing anthers within seven key expansion areas: touism, business, education, arts, sports, technology, and community. The orange hue is most closely associated with the eponymous fruit, but the color also characterizes the year-long, sunlit skies. Finally, the orange and white would appear visually striking adjacent to the purple hue of the professional sports teams of Orlando. Thank you for taking the tmie to consider my work for the City of Orlando flag design. The Orange blossom is a most distinctive flora for the state of Florida. The citrus industry is a foundation of Florida history and identity. Florida means  flowery" in Spanish. The city of orlando was founded in 1875; thus, the five petals and seven anthers visually represent the year of incorporation. The petals point to five Florida regions through which Orlando intersects. Orlando inhabits the center of the state; and the City Beautiful welcomes all with petals outstretched. The white petals represent protection and encouragement. The recent growth of the City is symbolized by the pollen-producing anthers within seven key expansion areas: touism, business, education, arts, sports, technology, and community. The orange hue is most closely associated with the eponymous fruit, but the color also characterizes the year-long, sunlit skies. Finally, the orange and white would appear visually striking adjacent to the purple hue of the professional sports teams of Orlando. Thank you for taking the tmie to consider my work for the City of Orlando flag design. The Orange blossom is a most distinctive flora for the state of Florida. The citrus industry is a foundation of Florida history and identity. Florida means  flowery" in Spanish. The city of orlando was founded in 1875; thus, the five petals and seven anthers visually represent the year of incorporation. The petals point to five Florida regions through which Orlando intersects. Orlando inhabits the center of the state; and the City Beautiful welcomes all with petals outstretched. The white petals represent protection and encouragement. The recent growth of the City is symbolized by the pollen-producing anthers within seven key expansion areas: touism, business, education, arts, sports, technology, and community. The orange hue is most closely associated with the eponymous fruit, but the color also characterizes the year-long, sunlit skies. Finally, the orange and white would appear visually striking adjacent to the purple hue of the professional sports teams of Orlando. Thank you for taking the tmie to consider my work for the City of Orlando flag design. The symbolism in my flag includes the iconic Lake Eola fountain, which, to me, is a very special, visual, lasting, and memorable symbol of Orlando. That is why I  eft it green. The yellow represents the many sunny days we enjoy here in Orlando, as well as all of Florida. Purple represents the color of our soccor teams: Orlando Lions and Orlando Pride. Additionally, purple is used to honor our dead, and specific to orlando, are the 49 lost at Pulse. The symbolism in my flag includes the iconic Lake Eola fountain, which to me, is a very special visual, lasting, and memorable symbol of Orlando. That is why I  eft it green. The yellow represents the many sunny days we enjoy here in Orlando, as well as all of Florida. Purple represents the color of our soccer teams: Orlando Lions and Orlando Pride. Additionally purple is used to honor our dead, and specific to Orlando, are the 49 lost at Pulse. I did the cross because it repisents peace not fight. The rainbow means to be a nice person not a mean person.  I chose this love symbol because I think that Orlando loves. It is just white for Orlando because we are nice to everyone. It is important becasue everyone is  oving. I drawed this egret because there are a lot of birds in Orlando. I also drew this canoe because a lot of people like to go canoeing. THose dots in the sky are  tarts far, far away. I drew those stars because the stars in Orlando are the prettyst stars anyone could ever emagine. It's just such a beautiful sight to see all Orlando's nature. The symbol is the alligator because there are lots of alligator in our lakes. The symbol is repersenting Orlando because we have lots of lakes and many of them  ave alligators in them. The symbol is important because it says that we have alligators.  This is a roller coaster. Why it is important to Orlando is because lots of tourists come just to ride roller coasters. It's important because people need to have  un. My flag shows a swan looking for food. I did a swan because it represtents the buety of Orlando. It is important because it brings an amazement and wonder.  I think that the gator will bring hope to floridia. The gator is one of the native species to florida. To show light shing from yit bringing floridia together. The symbol is a heart. A heart is a sign of love. It shows that Orlando cares for it's people. My symbols are the peace sign and the orange. The orange is our state fruit. The peace sign represents peace and justise. I put them together because they make  eace in our orlando. I drew the Lake Eola fountain in the middle of down town, but instead of fountain, it has a purple background. I drew the Lake Eola fountain because it is a  istoric landmark in Orlando. Lake Eola is important because it gathers people in Orlando and is very historic.  The symbol I drew is a palm tree and a alagator. This drawing represents ORlando becuase mostly everywhere in Orlando there is a palmtree. THe alagator represents  he culture that lives in almost every orlando lake. This design is important because some people might have never come to Orlando and they look at this design and they instantly know that we have a lot of alagators and palm trees in Orlando. I used a flower because they are pretty and the color. I want it to be the flag because flowers are everywhwere. The flowers are important because they have  ollen inside and they are super pretty. I pick a ornge tree I picked it because its commin in Orlando. There important because There a simble of Orlando and good to eat I used a orange symbol. I presented a palm tree and a beach also a sunset to represent are beautiful sunsets! The sunset represent or why its important is 1. Sun  ive us plants. Palm trees mean gives us fresh air.  This symbol represents Lake Eola and the swans. It represents Orlando because with are hot weater and the swans swimming gracefully it it lake. It's important  ecause it represents one of the places in Orlando. I drew a swan for a sign of friendlyness. I made it rainbow for a sign of people in harmony and peace. I chose swans from lake eola so to represnt how nice gorgers the lake is. I used the different colors for the shows. And kids love to see them and feed them they  re gorges the swans are big and very pretting. I drew this picture because sun means how hot it is here. The water represents all the lakes that Orlando has. I think it is important because it mean everything  hat Orlando stand for. The symbol is s bright sunny day. It represents Orlando because Orlando is very sunny. It is important becasue the sun is what we rely on to keep warm. My flag is the peace sing because this represents the people that have lost there lives. This is important because we are all the city that represents peace. The palm tree is a common tree in Orlando. The palm tree is important because it provides shade to the people of Orlando. The palm tree is a beautiful symbol for  rlando. The symbol is a rainbow and the Lake Eola fountain. the Lake Eola fountain and the rainbow show happiness and love. The City of Orlando embodies these feelings. I chose the palm tree because I see palm trees wherever I go. I love them because they give just the right amount of shade and remind me of the beach. The palm  rees are so beautiful. This is why I chose them. I think this symbol represents peace, love, and kindness. To Orlando it means; carefulness and peace. This symbol is actually a flower, it's yellow actully bright  ellow. THis color means happyness, kindness, peace, carefulness and yeah, so thats that this flag means to me. I think this should be Orlando's flag because in Orlando we have a lot of theme parks in Orlando so I did a fariswheel.  I chose orange because Orlando has quite a few citrus groves. Also, the orange is quite a popular fruit in Florida. Florida makes a quarter of the world's orange  uice which is made of oranges. I chose the sunshine because anywhere you go and everywhere you go you always see a sunshine except in rain and at night. Also it reminds me of Orlando. It is  lways so beatiful and bright. I chose the sun because Florida is the Sunshine State. This is a good flag because we get lots of sunshine and is always hot. This flag means sunshine to Orlando. It represents every day is sun to us. It is important for that all of the sun usually comes to us. I choose this flag because it is kind of resembles the american flag its red,blue and it has stars too this is why I choose this flag My symbol is three palm trees with a sun in the back. It important to Orlando because palm trees are commong and they provide a lot of shade. They represent  rlando because they can survive in hot and dry weather. This is why I chose palm trees.  I drew a rainbow over lake Eola. This means that our city is equal. Its important because we are all equal. I drew a swan because everyone loves to look at the swans. Another reason that I drew this is that swans are in Lake Eola and Lake Eola is in Orlando. Swans  emind me of the swan boat ride at Lake Eola. I drew this because a lot of people like oranges and I like them too. I drew a rainbow because of what happened.  My picture is a drawing of a swan and an Egret in Lake Eola, with a sun shining on them. It represents Orlando, our city by the hot sun that's shining on us, even  n winter. The swan and egret represent us also because we have many lakes and in a lot of them there are birds. Last but not least Lake Eola, It represents us because it probably is the most popular lake in Orlando. It is very special because our lake and everything in it is special. I hope you liked my presentation. I chose the dove, hearts, and peace signs because they represent peace and love. Peace and love is important. We want our young ones to grow in a calm place, so  hat they may be people who will create more peace.  My symbol is a sun. I chose it because it is really sunny in Orlando. Its important because Orlando is in the sunshine state. My symbol for Orlando is a paddleboard. Because everybody loves to paddleboard here. It is also a great things to do in our many lakes.  The allagator represents that they may look mean, but they are very nice. The stars represent the 50 stars in the flag. The stipes represent the flag so you  emember the American flag.  I believe that my flag represents peace and the actual flag. The symbol the crane represents is universal peace. Why it represents Orlando. This picture represents Orlando bacause it represents a plentiful life full of food  nd happiness. Why it's important: It's important because to really live your life to the fullest you must have all the needs to live. My reason for this picture is to honor the Pulse. This alligator is drinking a rainbow reflected water puddle, to show that after the storm, which I consider the  ulse, there is a rainbow that shines over the honor we are showing. I drew the orange tree because it is the style of Florida and Floridias first city is Orlando. My drawing represents the beautiful sky, bird, and sun and all of the palm trees. Another reason is that is shows that we take care of our city. This drawing  epresents as the community and we all do here in orlando! Orlando is one. The peace sign means together and love. The peace sign is a symbol of love and peace, so Orlando has peace. I chose this symbol because it shows peace to the public. It will bring people together and give people hope.With this flag I hope to bring peace to Orlando, the  alm tree is one of the most commonly seen trees in Orlando. They clean are air and give us shade this is why i chose it. The rollercoaster spelling Orlando stands for the theme parks here. This is important because people come all over the world to visit theme parks in Orlando. My symbol means Orlando is colorful, bright, and mindful. I chose this because I think it means something to us. It represents Orlando because tourist run down  ere like a fountain in my drawing. It is inportant because there are rainbows in Orlando and MANY fountains. I chose the sun with a sunset backround because in Orlando it is hot in almost everyday. I think Orlando is very unique because it is always hot! Orlando has very  retty sunsets that is why I made the backround orange. That is why I chose the sun. I chose a kayak bacause it prepresnts all the lakes and ponds here in Orlando, Florida and in those lakes are kiyaks, boaters and paddle boarding.  I chose the Egret because people of Orlando see them everywhere. Egrets represent Orlando becasue they hang out  by lakes all over Orlando so people will  nderstand why Orlando chose the egret. Also, the Egret is a very beautiful bird likethe Egret's walk so beautifully along the grass. Orlando is going to be even more beautiful once people see the Egret on the flag they will understand that Egret's are very beautiful for Orlando. I think that Egret's are so majestic and free. I hope my Egret will represent Orkando for a very long time. This flag represents the Lake Eola fountain in the city of Orlando. This is important becasue it represents peace. The Lake Eola fountain brings all the people in  he city together.  Lake Eola is a gathering place in Orlando for the Orlando citizens. It is both beautiful and inspiring. I chose this because that place is meant for peace. I drew a golf course with a lake and alligator in it. This is important to Orlando because it lets people play golf and go swimminh in the lake. Lakes and golf  ourses let people have tons of fun. I chose a symbol of two swans making a heart because there are a lot of swans in Orlando. It is important because they are a symbol of beauty. I made my flag rainbow to represent the Pulse night club. I made this flag not just for  --- I made it to show that we need to stay together and fight through evil  I want to show you that were together. It knot for a flag we stay together. Hands: Harmony. Citrus tree: fertility, plenty, felicity and growth. Fire: rebirth, white and black, harmony and peace. Eye: Faith, protection, and clarity.  ainbow: Orlando Strong. Green: Fertility and youthfulness and prosperity. Blue: determination and good fortune. Florida has a lot of oranges. It is a orange with stars around it. Cause it represents Florida. I picked an abstract Orange. I picked it because Oranges are a simble for Florida the palm leaves are from Orlando. It is a pom tree.I picked it because Floda has alot of beaches. it is important because it helps animals. Orlando welcomes the world, two inviting hands to everyone while we show spectecular orange-colored sunsets and inviting fresh blue waters to enterntainment on  ur sleeves, we proudly portray our inviting heart and spirit among our famous swans and Lake Eola Fountain! This flag represents the best of Orlando. The shape is horizontal Y, representing our residents coming together in The City Beautiful and moving forward as one  ity. The bands of the Y meet and "O" which represents the initial of our City, Orlando. In the middle of the flag is a swan, a regal symbol of downtown Orlando and the heart of the city. The colors are Blue, green, and white. Blue is the primary that the City has historically used. It's on our welcome signs and street signs. Green represents growth, both environmentally and economically. The city of ORlando strives to be the most sustainable city in the southeast. White represents a fresh start with this new flag, and the many new opportunities available to our residents. Design portrays the swans in Lake Eola , symbolic for Orlando's elegance. A typical strong blue sky symbolized by tree sunrays. Both swans show Orlando's inviting  eart in orange attracting visitors from all over the world.  The Swans at lake eola are apart of orlando history so I thought a symbol of a swan with the idea of a sun and sky behind is simple and nice representation of  rlando. The first swans at Lake Eola arrived in 1922 and is now home to various species. Both Lake Eola & swans that live there are a huge part of Orlando's history. Food is available to use and feed these swans, everyone from kids to grandparents participate in doing so. This flag represents more than just the lake & its magnificent swans, it also represents the beautiful bule skys and sunsets Orlando has to offer. This flag represents the beauty and grace orlando has to offer. The aftermath of the Pulse shooting left the city better connected and full of love and support. thje response to this tragedy was inspiring to other cities  hroughout the world and created an identity for Orlando as one that is united, strong, and loving to everyone. The simplest way to represent the abstraction of love visually is with a heart. I've merged this symbol with another iconic image of downtown Orlando, the swan, and created this concept. Unity is also represented by the "tail" of the swan connecting back down to the long neck that forms the heart. The flag has flexibility with colors, but I chose black because swans species are both black and white. The inner heart color is the branded city blue, but can be switched out with a rainbow during pride month or for Pulse anniversaries. The Sun and the Orange Flag - The first color of my flag is orange, which symbolizes sunshine and reflects the name of the county in which the city of Orlando  esides. This is also the color of the symbols on my flag which represents the sun as well as the many orange groves that once blanketed the city's landscape. The second color is blue, which symbolizes the blue sky that accompanies the sunshine and water activities of our local lakes and water parks. The third color is green, which is the color of the fountain at Lake Eola and the green stripe running through the center of the flag, representing the year-round green landscapes that signify Orlando. Within my 3 submissions i used a variation of similar design elements that symbolize Orlando - all of which are based heavily on the Lake Eola fountain, the O in  rlando, and the city's outward reach. I have over 50 variations - was difficult to submit only 3. Many great designs emiminated due to four colors (counting white). The blue shape of a disney castle spire is repkicated on the panels of the fountain to form a blossom or sun. The blue spire stands for the numerous theme parks and also the outward lying attractions to which MCO provides access including the space coast. The spire also represnets a space launch and the growth (Blossoming) of orlando. While the fountain could be centered, this depiction has it off-centered to represent its position in Lake Eola. The funn fountain is cropped to represent the reflection of the sun in the water. This flag design is based on the diversity, teamwork and compassion that Orlando holds. The blue on the flag represents water. Florida is a peninsula state, and  lthough Orlando is not surrounded by water at all, Lake Eola is very well known. The concept of water also represents the fact that lakes, rivers, and even oceans separates us physically, but Orlando is known for strength and unity. The center piece is meant to look like the sun are inspiried by the main of the lion on the Orlando City Soccor logo. Orlando City Soccor has gained so much success very quickly, with very faithful and compassionate fans. This soccer team is able to bring thoughsands of people from all around Orlando to enjoy a common interest. When you think of Florida you think of juices delicious oranges. When you think of Florida you also think of Palm trees. To create a flag that is the epitome of  hat people think of what Florida is in a fun way would be a great way to represent Orlando, Florida. We want Orlando to be known as that place where palm trees, sun, oranges and fun are always in season. My flag design represents three elements of Orlando that can be seen from far away - Sunshine, Lakes, and Interstate. The Yellow represents the sun shinding down  n the cirty. The central black-and-white dotted line represents the highways and byways the connect all of Orlando. Finally, the Blue represents all of Orlando's beautiful lakes and water parks. I decided to create a blend of the entity that Orlando truly is more than what it is trying to be. Circles are known to symbolize unity so in this case, I decide  o use two circles connected to one larger circle to represent the different cultures that we have in Orlando that are still connected to one another. The purpke showcases the hidden creativity that the city holds from Disney to the creative college students. The red represents the hardships that we all have encountered here in Orlando but even though of this, the circles are connected showing that the people of Orlando still stand together even through all of the tragedies that have encountered. The triangles represent wisdom that are enhanced by the yellow representing positivity and happiness Orlando starring in the world as the ultimate tourist and business destination. In a peaceful pure blue environment, our globe is in extreme good and safe hands! This flag represents the best of Orlando. The shape is a cross, representing the diversity of our City. Our residents come from the four corners of the map to  ive in The City Beautiful. The cross meets in an "O" which represents the initial of our CIty, Orlando. In the middle of the flag is the Lake Eola Fountain, a symbol of downtown Orlando and is on our street signs. The colors of the flag are Blue, Green, and White. Blue is the primary color that the City has historically used. It is on our welcome signs and street signs. Blue also represnts the lakes, rivers, and waterways of our City. Green represents growth, both environmentally and economically. The City of Orlando strives to be the most sustainable city in the southeast. White represents a fresh start with this new flag, and the many new opportunities available to our residents.  Orlando is inviting the world to visit, to live and do business. An intimate orange heart presented by two swans from Lake Eola. A clear blue sky with our  rademark sunshine completes a spledid background. The main green stripe represents the peninsula of Florida annd its white beaches on each side of the state. Orlando is represented by the iconic Lake Eola  ountain in the center of the green stripe. The main field of bright blue represents the proximity to the Gulf and Atlantic coasts. The use of bright colors is a nod to the City Beautiful both in climate and community spirit. The first color for my flag is Orange, which symbolizes sunshind and reflects the name of the country in which the city of Orlando resides. This is also the color  f the first symbol on my flag which represents the many Orange Groves that once blanketed the city's landscape. The second color is Blue, which symbolizes the blue sky that accompanies the sunshine, water activities of our local lakes & water parks, and water floring from the beautiful fountain at Lake Eola, an iconic image that represents the heart of Orlando. The fountain is the second symbol on my flag and is also interpreted as a feather dipped in ink symbolizing Orlando as a business leader. The third color is green, which is the color of the fountain at Lake Eola and the green stripe running through the center of the flag, representing the year-round green landscapes that signify Orlando. The blue represents the blue sky of Orlando and the water of the lakes. Red represents the blood of our diverse community, the energy of our tourism and the love  f our residents. The two semicircles represents a rising sun of a growing city. You can see the refection of the sun on the water since we have so many lakes, water parks and an active fishing life; it reflects how we protect our natural clean environment, also in disguise it implies the letter "O" that stands for the first letter of the word, Orlando. The sun represents our year round warm weather. The curves of the semicircles is a reflection of the rollercoasters and slides of the massive amount of attraction parks here in Orlando. The white represents the purity of innocense of the children that live here, as well as the children that live here year round. The stars represents the relation of the United States as Florida is a state and Orlando is the start of Florida. The horizontal lines represent the peacefullness of this city. My flag design originated from my appreciate of Lake Eola. It is the home of many local events and rallies and is a place of beauty and solitude for many Orlando  esidents. Lake Eola is located in the heart of the downtown area and I really feel it represented Orlando well.  The first color for my flag is Orange, which symbolizes sunshine and reflects the name of the country in which the city of Orlando resides. This is also the color  f the first symbol on my flag which is the sun. The second color is blue, which symbolizes the blue sky that accompanies the sunshine, water activities of our local lakes and water parks and water flowing from the beautiful fountain at Lake Eola, an iconic image that represents the heart of Orlando. The fountain is the second symbol on my flag and is also interpreted as a feather dipped in ink symbolizing Orlando as a business leader. The their color is green, which is the color of the fountain at Lake Eola and the green stripe running through the center of the flag, representing the year-round green landscapes that signify Orlando.  Flags are created with five basic steps to keep it simple, meaningful, uses 2-3 basic colors, no lettering or seal and are related. I deisnged my flag to be very  imple and just with one simple shape. I used the collorw yellow, white, and purple. THese colors represent the City of Orlando if someone looks at the flag they would say "Oh, that's Orlando's colors." For the shape, I wanted to use a square, but instead, I decided to use a circle because Orlando is a city that thinks outside the box. IT's a city that's known to be filled with so many types of adventures. With that being said, the city has great restaruants, theme parks, art museums, educational museums and much more. ORlando encourages everyone to have a great time with family, living, loving each other and laughing. It is very diverse and has some create colleges. Oranges are undoubtedy a huge part of Orlando's culture and history. TO incorporate that concept in the flag prototype, I drew an orange in the shape of a bubble  etter "O". The "O" was for Orlando. Inside the "O", I depicted my version of Linton E. Allen Memoral Fountain in Lake Eola Park, one of Orlando's iconic landmarks. It's both simplistic and symbolic all in one. This is a stylized map of Florida (green) the Gulf of Mexico (blue) and a yellow star represents the location of Orlando on the map. The blue represents the blue sky of Orlando and the water of the lakes. Red represents the blood of our diverse community, the energy of our tourism and the love  f our residents. The two semicircles represents a rising sun of a growing city. You can see the refection of the sun on the water since we have so many lakes and an active fishing life; it reflects how we protect our natural clean environment, also in disguise it implies the letter "O" that stands for the first letter of the word, Orlando. The sun represents our year round warm weather. The curves of the semicircles is a reflection of the rollercoasters and slides of the massive amount of attraction parks here in Orlando. The white represents the purity of innocense of the children that live here, as well as the children that live here year round. The stars represents the relation of the United States as FLorida is a state and Orlando is the start of Florida. The vertical lines mean a standing, strong and growing city. Orlando has always been a city of dreamers and never more so than right now. Stars represents every aspect of hope, immagination, and the ability to shine and  tands out. These are all the wualities that reflect ORlando and the amazing people that constantly arrive here, looking for a place to live their dreams. Whether one is wishing upon a star, aspiring to become the next one or looking for a symbollof hope in times of great saddness, our city star shines for every one of us. The star was reborn at the turn of the new millenuim and it is a reminder that we as individuals also have the chance to shine anew... now very "Orlando". Lastly, our flag could become a thing of beauty and inspiration, after all, we are the city beautiful, and our flag should reflect nothing less than that.  Using the city tagline as inspiration, the word "Beautiful" createda long list of objects that translated well geographically. The swan was the strongest  epresentation (without being cliche) both visually and conceptually. These creatures have long been associated with beauty throughout our diverse cultures and history. But the swan is also iconic to downtown Orlando as part of Lake Eola and the fountain -- which is already used iconically on street signs and logos. The swan could become part of the city's brand.     This flag concept is a conceptual design based on the outline of a swan's figure, separating two bright, vibrant colors: yellow abd the City's branded blue. The colors can be interchangeable and the placement of the black swan can be adjusted, optimizing flexibility when it comes to finalizing the perfect flag for the City of Orlando. The sun rises over the city and brings out mild climate - a beacon for commerce and leisure. The bar is a grid, like city streets, inlaid with spots - markets for  oints of interest and pride throughout the city proper, and the larger community - great venues for entertainment, art, science, sports, religion, and medicine, etc. The bar is also a performance graph, trending upward onto the expectant future. The moon and night sky (light and dark, black and white) remind us that harmony can be achieved from diversity, with hope for peaceful solutions to social ills: crime, poverty, racial strife. Orlando the City Beautiful, day and night, vibrant and celestial, uniquely placed in the copnstellation of desirable great cities. All recorded on a flag. God Bless Orlando! Party per fess argent and azure, an anhinga vigilant sable. - A dark anhinh, wings spread, on a background of white over blue. The shape in the middle is the bird  f our area, the anhinga. Swans are profilic over the entire non-tropical world. but anhingas are only found in the americas, and in the US are distinct almost to Florida. The background is white over bllue, a reference to Orlando's previous flag. The blue also symbolizes the lakes that pepper our city, the degree of which is distinct from other places in Florida. Visually and concretely the blue suggests the water the anhinga just emerged from. My design for the Orlando City flag consists of 4 stripes outside of a circle which inside it has a bird holding a vine. The 4 stripes are located in a position  ich show connections with the Florida State flag. In art class we were learning about henna symboles.  In henna symboles the bird means freedom and the vine means perseverance. I chose the bird because we we are part of the United States of America a free country. And I chose the vine because I fell like we have persavered throughd alot lately. For the stripes I chose the color blue because for me it means security, wich Orlando has a great one. For the edge of the circle I chose yellow. To me yellow means happy. And currently I am very happy living in Orlando. For the bird I chose the color brown. To me brown means outdoors. I feel like Orlando has a great outdoor area. For the vine I chose the color green. To me the color green means growth. Currently Orlando City has bean growing alot lately.  Colors of red, aqua green and orange. The sailboat's stripes have no been changed to red. All 3 of my designs can be rearranged, repositioned or altered by moving  he vertical "columns" Orange (County & citrus), sky blue (Clean and clear atmostphere) and aqua green (Pure lakes, springs, and rivers). Cloud-like beams represent arch of Orlando: Dr.  hillips Cent, Cosser staduim, Lynx Cen.stn & towers by Lake Eola. Sailboat combines wind and water for recreation and a life of leisure in Orlando. Colors of orange, sky blue, aqua green and red (Brick streets). The sailboat now has both skyblue and aqua green as well as an orange sun. A black acorn  epresents Orlando as a city of trees and growth. This variation of the flag uses and orange circle to represent both our citrus grove roots and the sun of our "Sunshine State." The swan represents one of the  ity's most treasured spaces: Lake Eola. The use of the color purple highlights the city's love for Orlando City Soccer. It also is a symbol of unity that ties into the Orlando United campaign. In the background is the skyline of downtown Orlando as seen from Lake Ivanhoe - Yet another Orlando Treasure. The distinctive skyline, colors, and swan are unmistakably Orlando. Bkue for Orlando's beauty and lakes, also the primary color of the Orlando Magic. White for Orlando's bright future. Gold for Orlando's science and industry,  erived from the University of Central Florida's primary color. Hi! My name is Connor Olivardia. I'm an Orlando native born and raised attending UCF as a freshman. I heard about the design submissions and thought I'd give it a  ry. The purple is for Orlando city, while the fountain in rainbow pays homage to the old flag and pulse. This City of Orlando flag draws inspiration from the Florida state flag, using the bold "X" as a foundation of the design. The use of purple represents the city's  ove for Orlando City Soccer. It is also a symbol of unity that ties into the Orlando United Campaign. The orange stands for our citrus grove roots, and the swan represents one of the city's most treasured spaces: Lake Eola. The combination of a simple design and bold colors make this flag memorable and unique. I chose a swan because when I picture Orlando I picture beautiful lake eola filled with swans.  Swans are strong birds that symbolize love and that represents  rlando perfectly. After a tragedy that happened here, we fought it with love. Wikipedia: For the first 20 years of Orlando's existence, the city was the hue of Florida's citrus industry. Purple for Orlando's civic unity, derived from Orlando City SC's primary color. White for Orlando's bright future. Gold for Orlando's science and industry derived  rom the University of Central Florida's primary color.  The white bottom half represents the limestone bedrock. The 5 blue bars represent the wetlands & the founding of Fort Gatlin, the division of Mosquito County, the  ncorporation of the town of Orlando, the Greate freeze and the creation of Walt Disney World. Dubbed "Orlando star" which will become an icon for our city, there are 8 points on the star.  Each of the 8 points represents something that makes our city  nique from everywhere else. 1. Acceptance of diversity, LGBTQ, African-American, Vietnamese, Caucasian, Eastern/Western, European, and Latino communitites celebrating each other. 2. High-Tech digital/simulation corridor: Hotbed of simulation research and development, UCF, ISI, NCS, major studios and schools for interactive entertainment, I/ITSEC. 3. Natural wonders: Natural springs, manatees, lake eola, sandhill cranes and other wildlife interacting with people, hiking, kayaking, outdoor fun. 4. tourism capitol: Countless theme parks, shopping and family fun. 5. Nightlife: Vibrant downtown comes comes to life, speakeasy culture, infamous dance clubs. 6: Cultural centers: Dr Phillips, numerous popular performance theaters, arthouses, museums, gardens, and science center. 7. Sports Teams: Our beloved Orlando City Lions, solar bears, and magic at state-of-the art fields/arenas. 8. Space Industry: Longstanding history with NASA, alliance with schools supporting space research. The star is in the center to represent Orlando in the center of the state surrounded by the Gulf on one side and the Atlantic on the other. The soft colors should remind people of Lake Eola fountain as well as represent our two most famout sports teams Magic (blue) and lions (purple).  The theme is people showing love for people that have fallen at the mass shooting and emergency responders. The palm tree shows growth of Orlando, growth of the  oeple and our great landscapeing. The sun is for the weather and sunny Orlando. In the center is 49 orange blossoms for the people killed in the mass shooting and the leaves are for the fallen emergency responders. The background will be sky blue. The black center around the orange blossoms will be different lenghts for the different people. Maybe shades of black-white? The "lando" could be left off, but I think it makes the flag better.  N/A The iconic fountain at Lake Eola is considered the "Unofficial symbol of Orlando." It's time to make it official. The fountain's design hides some subtle features  hat embody what makes Orlando "The City Beautiful." So this is where I started. Showing an angle of this fountain that most people have not seen before, the top. This shape might be more familiar since a Farris Wheel is often recognized as the universatl symbol of amusement. To which Orlando is in a league of is own. Dig deeper and notice the blue outer circles representing the unity of the Orlando people standing hand in hand. To conclude the design I wanted to show off the location of Orlando. The blue bars symbolizes the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. "City of Many..." joining together - friends, relatives. Orlando is "The City Beautiful" The sky is always blue and the warm sunshine is always shining bright. This adds to our beautiful city in many ways. When we have  ur daily thunderstorms (even through we are currently in a drought), the sun comes back out. We know the rain has passed and it is going to be a beautiful day! It may be hot to some, but overall, it makes us warm and happy so we can continue our day with fun stuff after we finish work and school for the day. There is always something to do or see in the City of Orlando! Three blue organic shapes in modern orientation symbolizing the three lakes Ft Gatlin was founded between which became the Orlando area (Lake Gatlin, Lake Gem  ary, and Lake Jennine Jewell). 8 pointed start to pay homage to the Native Americans who met under the Council Oak Tree between the lakes. Purple defines Orlando. It is a beautiful rare and regal color featuring both cool and warm tones. This symbolizes unity and acceptance of all no matter of race, color, ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation. Purple also is associated with wisdom, dignity, independence, creativity and magic. White negative space symbolices peace, beauty and the bright future for the City Beautiful. Purple is the color of our city. It is a beautiful rare and regal color featuring both cool and warm tones. This symbolizes acceptance of all no matter of race,  olor, ethnicity or sexual orientation. Orlando is unified and accepts all. Three blue wavy lines symbolizing the three lakes Ft Gatlin was founded between which became the Orlando area. (Lake Gatlin, Lake Gem Mary, and Lake Jennie Jewell) 9 waves (3 on each line) symbolizes the 9 neighborhood districts of Orlando (Audobon Park Garden District, Church Street District, College Park, SoHo District, Gateway District, Ivanhoe Village Main Street, Milk District, Mills 50, and Thornton Park District) In the upper left corner, the orange circle represents the letter "O" (for Orlando), the sun (because of it's location in the sun belt), and an orange (due to the  ich citrus industry of Orlando).  The light blue waves represent water and the constant/consistent motion moving as one. From historic Lake Eola, where the city of Orlando's official symbol (the fountain) resides, to the city's hundreds of lakes and many water parks, water is a common and important element to the existence of Orlando. The rich cultural mix is also essential to the city and can be symbolized by waves mixing and moving as one. My concept flag design represents 4 things about the great city of Orlando. The two black circles at the bottom represent Micky Mouse's ears. This symbolizes on  f Orlando's biggest tourist attractions, Disney. The six orange sun rays represent the six districts of Orlando. The orange color of the sun represents the county in which the city of Orlando resides in, Orange County. The color also symbolizes the origins of Florida's citrus industry which resided in Orlando before the 1900's. The water fountain symbolizes downtown Orlando. The oranges symbolize Florida. The sun represents, "The Sunshine State." Plus, the star represents how Florida is  nly one state of the many in the United States. Florida and Orange Blossoms - My picture represents Florida. Florida is Orange County and that is why I drew an orange and orange blossoms. Florida is a state  here there is a lot of plants and palm trees. Florida also has a few beaches like Cocoa and Daytona. My family we drove to Sanibel Florida and on our way we saw trucks full of oranges and people growing orange trees. I drew an orange meaning Florida becasue I have lived in Florida for years.  The red is for the great heart of Orlando, the green is for the renewal and hope as we grow as a city. The yellow if for the sunlight that shines so much here and  s a key component to both our population's growth and why some many come here. Centered in the design, the orange circle represents the letter "O" for orlando, the sun (because it's location in the sunbelt) and an orange, due tot he rich  itrus industry in Orlando. Radiating lines symbolize rays of sunshine as well as avenues that lead tourists to the city of Orlando where tourism is the center of its economy. The water at the bottom is a reflection of the historic lake eola, where the city of Orlando's official symbol - the fountain - resides, as well as a nod to the city's hundreds of lakes and many water parks. This is a rough representation of the city of Orlando's  skyline wiht the warm and beautiful sunrise shining behind it. The colors would be blue, yellow, and  hite above the sun. The sun is to indicate the sunshine state.  Orlando is the city of sunshine, sparkling lakes and beautiful trees. Orlando is the city of sunshine, beautiful lakes, and waves of excitement for everyone.  Orlando,the city of sunshine,foliage and beautiful lakes,always on the move. Orlando is the city of sunshine, sparkling lakes and beautiful trees.  Orlando, the city of love, friendship, sunshine and beautiful lakes. Orlando is a family oriented city and has a variety of activities for everyone. N/A N/A N/A My design colors have mainly yellow & purple because that's Orlando City Team's colors. Also blue is for our nice weather. The circle in the middle represents the  right sun.  The fountain on a Lake. The water in different colors symbolizing "Divercite" My drawing is about Orlando City's beauty. Many people come and visit this amazing and wonderful city. My drawing should win in the contest becasue even though it  s simple and small, that does not mean it can not become something bigger. It shows our beautiful buildings and how at sundown it looks amazing. The lakes are also very beautiful and our palm trees. Soon in the future this wonderful and beautiful city will become even more wonderful and beautiful. In my opinion, it is not what you see but is what you feel. And what I feel about this artwork is that this city is beautiful, amazing and many other wonderful words you can describe this city. And that enjoyable feeling that you have when you walk, drive, bike or anything you do to get around the city. If my artwork wins the contest, I hope people can feel the same way as I do. Orlando, the community of friendship and love that ties us together. Orlando is the city of sunshine, sparkling lakes and beautiful trees. Blue: Water and lakes that define City Beautiful. Yellow Stars: bright future shines ahead. Compas Rose Star: People are drawn to our diverse city. 5 Stars  epresent fine stages of our city. 1. Cattle ranching past 2. cross road of Central Fla. 3. Military base city. 4. Disney/tourism. 5. The city of the future Fla. Flag is in disqualified list: Central Gold star - represents the city itself, being in the center of the flag, corresponding to its location in the center of  lorida. Thin stripes Leading to star: Represents the multiple attractions in Orlando, that bring people from around the world to theme parks and wildlife. The "Yellow triangles on the ends of the line" show that people are coming to Orlando. Green stripes: Represents the rich, vibrant fauna and woldlife of Orlando (especially the palm trees). Blue portions - Represents the many lakes and ponds in Orlando N/A - Listed as disqualified flag (wrong size) Orlando, the city of Sunshine, lakes, sports and multi activities for everyone to enjoy. My flag represents Orlando and connects it to the citizens in the city. So it can bring comfort to people like Lake Eola. The three main colors of this flag are green, yellow, and blue. The blue represents water, a symbol of life, representing the life of Orlando as well as the  arious bodies of water found throughout our beautiful city. Green represents Orlando's commitment to sustainability as well as growth  and prosperity. Yellow represents our year-round sunny climate and our placein the sunshine state. The tree reaffirms our commitment to environmental sustainability and is also found on our City's seal. Orlando, the city beautiful, always moving in the right direction. The new flag for Orlando clearly communicates the city's history, location, and beauty through simple symbolism. On either ends of the flag are blue fields  ymbolozing the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Ocean to the West and East respectively. The white vertical bars represent the sandy beaches on both nearby coasts. The central field symbolizes the state of Florida and is colored in the unique green found in Lake Eola fountain, an icon of the city for decades. The center blue circle marks Orlando's location within the penisula and symbolizes Lake Eola, the City's definitive natural landmark and primary gathering place. The white swan which is historically, a symbol of beauty, harkens to Orlando's nickname as "The City Beautiful". Lake Eola has been home to every species of swan since the early 20th century, just as Orlando is home to so much diversity and beauty. The orange in the middle represents Fort Gatlin which Orlando was built around. The orange color represents our best crop, the orange. The blue line represents  he three day freeze which destroyed almost all the citrus trees, which after 15 years we overcame. Opportunistic, mesmerizing and awe-inspiring. When I arrived to this state those feelings filled me with joy. I utilize them for my creativity to create my design. As my family and I ventured to the wonderful cities of Orlando, three historical places caught my attention; the castle in Magic Kingdom, the upside down house of WonderWorks, and Universal. As mentioned, I was mesmerized when I came to this state, so I wanted to express that through almost radial symmetrical shapes on the left side. Lastly, for color contrassts, I used a triadic color scheme to emphasize that awe-inspirition to the viewer. In regards to other designs, mines has similute to the other Orlando flag, when it comes to colors and the use of perspecitive. I am happy to publically participate and I hope you enjoyed my piece. I made my flag to symbolize unity! It also representsl ife and freedom. It has stripes and a start that each have a special meaning. My flag also has 3 different  olors and each color helps to symbolize the life, freedome and unity that my flag represents. The thirteen lines on my flag are for the thirteen original colonies. There is one be star in the middle that represents all fifty states united together as one. The reason my star is in the center is because everyone comes together in the middle to form one family. The colros black and white are for all the different color people from black to all the way to white. The gold color symbolizes success, when we all come together to live in freedom and be the best people we can be. A swan is my symbol. It pressents Orlando because we have a lot of birds. It is important becasue birds can take away gar from the lake and prevent gar from  ating other fish that we eat in order to survive. Orlando is "The City Beautiful". The sky is always bluw and the warm sunshine is always shining bright. The hearts symbolize all of the City of Orlando  ommunities that we love and share. This adds to our beautiful city in many ways. When we have our daily thunderstorms (even though we are currently in a drought), the sun comes back out. We know the rain has passed and it is going to be a beautiful day! It may be hot to some, but overall, it makes us warm and happy so we can contunie our day with fun stuff after we finish work and school for the day. There is always something to do or see in the City of Orlando! I wanted to design a flag and on my flag it has green. Green stands for our green plants year around. Next, I picked orange. Orange stands for our fruit that is  range. Third, the stars. The three stars stands for ORL. ORL stands for Orlando. Last, the fountain in Orlando. That is a siymdol of our city. Left and right blue: Represents there are lot of Ocean and water activity in close proximity. With Ocean on both sides of Orlando. 2. Orange on the middle is what  rlando and Florida are famous for ORANGES. 3. Star in the middle represents a gravitational force to pull. 4. Smiley face represents a capital of fun in the world. 5. Star represents orlando out of florida which is in the middle of the blue is water which is showing that the east (Atlantic Ocean) and west (Gulf of Mexico) with lot of fun water activitites. N/A My flag symbolizes all of the cool stuff you can do or watch in Orlando. N/A The O represents the O in Orlando, it is also a whole note from music representing the arts community and the idea of wholeness as a community. The color green of  he O is reflecting Orlando's efforts for bettering the environment and raising environmental awareness, safety and well-being of the community. Blue is the prominent color because blue represents peace, professionalism, loyalty, honor, and trust which are all attributes the city strives to uphold.  The red stripe signifies the determination, strength, passion, courage, and energy of the city. It has been a deep pleasure to dig deeper into the history of Orlando and learn more about this wonderful city of opportunity that is home to so many diverse cultures. Thank you for giving folks the opportunity to design our own flag. My submission highlights a sunlit palm on a backdrop of orange. The tree represents strength,  ife, comfort, lasting beauty and endurance. it bends and flexes to the storm, protecting the life that clings to it, strengthing again toward the sun ones the storm passes. The orange represents our sister government, Orange County, which whom we are forever entwined. The sunlight yellow represents the sun-lifegiving, nurting bright and positive. Orlando is "The City Beautiful". The sky is always blue and the warm sunshine is always shining bright. The hearts symbolize all of the City of Orlando  ommunities that we love and share. This adds to our beautiful city in many ways. When we have our daily thunderstorms (even though we are currently in a drought), the sun comes back out. We know the rain has passed and it is going to be a beautiful day! Some days we see the rainbow between the clouds. It may be hot to some, but overall, it makes us warm and happy so we can contunie our day with fun stuff after we finish work and school for the day. There is always something to do or see in the City of Orlando! N/A N/A N/A Originally I am from New Orleans, LA and when I first moved to Orlando, one thing I noticed was the diverse groupe of people in each community. When I had the  pportunity to speak to strangers and meet new people, one thing I noticed was that everyone had a bright smile on their face. There are only certain things that brings everyone int he world together and one of those is the sun. We all need it, we all depend on it. Without the sun, life as we know it would not be sufficient or sustainable. I chose the sun to be the symbol because it is one of the first things that we draw as children and the sun represents all the smiles of the people of Orlando. The colors purple and orange reflect two of the city's sports teams. Purple is a reflection of the City of Orlando Soccor Club and orange comes from the Orlando Solar Bears sun logo. Design 3. The blue bars on the sides of the flag symbolize the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. The green bar represents the land mass of Florida and the  ush landscape of the Florida peninsula. Finally, the yellow sun makes the "location" of Orlando and the abundant sunshine which it receives. The color blue is utilized to reflect the current flag. I chose to use the shape of a looped roller coaster to represent the city of Orlando. The "O" in the center stands for the City of Orlando. Regarding that  musement parks are a significant characteristic of the city, a roller coaster is synonymous witht he city. Additionally, the yellow triangles illustrate a sun because Orlando is known for sunshine and good weather. Design # 2 incorporates the Orlando fountain as depicted in the center of the "O". Designs 1 & 2 - The number is on the back of the notecard I chose to use the shape of a looped roller coaster to represent the city of Orlando. The "O" in the center stands for the City of Orlando. Regarding that  musement parks are a significant characteristic of the city, a roller coaster is synonymous witht he city. Additionally, the yellow triangles illustrate a sun because Orlando is known for sunshine and good weather. Design # 2 incorporates the Orlando fountain as depicted in the center of the "O". Designs 1 & 2 - The number is on the back of the notecard I drew an orange because it represents our orange trees and groves. It is important because our city is a citrus city. The orange is one of our special fruits. The tree represents everyone being sharing, caring, and being kind My flag symbolizes that the American symbolizes that we are a free country and the palm trees represent our symbol the Florida and finally the cross means that  ou can celebrate any religion that you choose to do. A saltiare because the most prominent shape in the flag of Florida is the saltire. Greent o refer to our everdant area, lush climate and orlando's grand  opulation of trees. Bright golden yellow for sunshine. An obvious choice for the sunshine state. Purple for several reasons: City's soccor team uses it as its defining color. It's on every car. Int he spectrum of visible light, purple is a combination of lazy, low-energy red photons, and excited high-energy violet photons. Orlando is sleepy residental neighborhoods and an exciting tourist-destination. Orlando is a gay mecca. In a red/blue political map, Orlando is a unique sea of red. N/A Thinking of the City of Orlando brings to mind the Lake Eola, the fountain, the now rainbow colored band shell (we are a diverse community) The yellow circle to  epresent sunny days. Green background to represent all the green seen around the city, year long. The blue on the flag represents the lakes that run throughout Orlando. The purple represents the creativity, magic and imagination in the city. It is also the  olor of the majority of our city's sports teams and theme parks. The white circle represents the blank canvas to which we can write our future. The white O is surrounded by the purple and blue symbolizes that orlando is surrounded by lakes. There are 6 stripes in total, these stripes are the same number of stripes as the rainbow flag. a flag the city rallied behind after the Pulse tragedy. This represents strength, unity and also number of city districts. The blue field on top represents both the sky and water, contrasting witht he golden sand-like bottom. The gold semi-circle around the orange symbolizes the sun  t sunrise over thesunshine state, while the blue one the city Beautiful itself. The orange circle in the middle pays homage to both central Florida and orange county, as well as an orange itself and provides a distinctive element that comlpements the other colors. The circle was chosen for its simplicity, with the surrounding semi-circles subtly yet unmistakable evoking the shape of an "O" for Orlando. The angle of the color divide, bottom left totop right, with the rising gold, symbolizes our city's continued growth and prosperity. The blue and magenta initial "O" contains two rotating arrows that represnet Orlando's dynamic spirit of progress, opportunity, and cooperation. The yellow circle  epresents the sunshine and warmth of Orlando and Orlandoans. The magenta shape on the right representsthe map of Florida and the blue dot represents Orlando's central location. I drew an orange and a rainbow because both represent Orlando. This symbol is important to show Orlando to be kind. A simple and clean desin that borrows elements from the current flag. It sphere symbolizes the florida sun, Orange County and the letter "O"  for Orlando. "The enclosed flag designs for the City of Orlando were created by 3rd, 4th, and 5th grade students at Park Maitland School in art class. Should any of these  esigns win, please contact me via cell phone.... We very much enjoyed making these deisgns for you. What a wonderful opportunity for these students to participate in! Thank you so very much. " Greetings, enclosed are the entries from Park Maitland School's 4th grade class. They are very exicted to participate in this contest and are very thankful for ou  onsideration. Please contact their science and social studies teacher, Ellie Higgs, if you have any questions or if one of the students is a chosen finalist (Finger crossed!) Thank you and have a pleasant day.  Centered in the design, the orange shape represents the letter "O" for Orlando. a setting or rising sun, because of its location in the sunbelt, and an orange -  ue to the rich citrus industy of orlando. The light blue waves represent water and the constant/consistent motion moving as one. From historic Lake Eola, where the city of Orlando's official symbol (the fountain) resides, to the city's hundreds of lakes and many water parks, water is a common and important element to the existence of Orlando. The rich cultural mix is also essential to the city and can be symbolized by waves mixing and moving as one. Modernized take on the existing flag with two halves split in color but with a mroe modern enlarged Lake Eola Feature. Enlarged fountain spray with three cascades  o represent the Lake Eola fountain and the tree lakes Forl Gatlin was constructed between. Initial design of fountain spray pulled from the City of Orlando logo. Just added the third cascade. (Lake gatlin, lake gem mary, lake dennie jewell). Purple is the color of our city. It is a beautiful and regal color featuring both cool and warm tones. This symbolizes acceptance of all no matter of race, color ethnicity or sexual orientation. Orlando is unified and accepts all.  Our new city flag appears simple. Only 2 colors make up the flag. A deep blue representing our growth. A cool, apple green representing our love for nature. The  ich balance between our city's expansive growth as seen by the I4 renovations, Dr. Phillips Performing Arts center, Orlando City Soccer stadium, and SunRail among many other development projects, with the mindset of preserving our lakes and green  space is what makes Orlando special. The colors within the center are interchanged, symbolizing the equilibrium we strive to achieve between growth and conservation. In our new City of Orlando flag, the center is in the shape of the letter "O" representing Orlando and it's diverse people. With mroe and more people from different walks of live choosing to live in our City Beautiful, we have made a conscious decison to "find our tribe and to love themhard" no matter what color, creed, or whome we choose to love. This year marks my 10th year as a proud Orlandoan and what a way to celebrate as tohave my ideas considered for our new City of Orlando flag! Thank you! A distinctive tricolor with an orange fountain in the center. The semi-circle symbolizes the warm Florida sun, movement and centrality. It also lights at the  etter 'O' for Orlando. The red-white lines for the State flag and the blue-white, the current flag.  This flag retains the basic elements of the current flag with a stylized fountain, giving it a sense of movement and warmth. This is a distinctive and immediately  ecognizable flag. This flag symbolizes the vision and uses the colors of the state flag and the blue/white for the current flag. The brilliant Orlando sun reflected in it's clear blue waters. The striping reflecting Orlando's vibrant and diverse culture. Bright yellow sun, clear blue skies, green landscape, and beautiful blue lakes and rivers represents Orlando's splendor. The sun compass represents Orlando's sunny days and it being a international tourist destination. People come from all over for Orlando's beauty. Beautiful Blue skies. Bandshell at Lake Eola. A pulse interwoven with the skyline. Hand holding hand representing Orlando Strong. Bringing together what we are  nown for and what has brought us together closer than ever before. Through our unification, together we are one. We choose to unite regardless of race, gender, religion, sexuality, or any other potential source of division. The  hree figures being diffrent colors signifies this. The number of figures was chosen because of the biblical verse and basic truth, "A cord of three strands is not quickly broken." Six arms represent the six districts of the City. The figures are gathered around Lake Eola ...water..a sorce for life. If any of the figures is missing, the circle of arms could not be completed. Lastly, the figures together represent the "Therefore" symbol. Conclusions can be personal. Or they can be broad and grand, as in we are one, we are united, and we respect one another. Therefore, anything is possible. The City of Orlando and it's Soccer team are stars on the horizon.  The City is Beautiful! Palm trees, Sunshine Outstanding leadership on firm ground. 8 hearts represent the 6 = Districts of Orlando 1 = Neighboring Cities 1 = Growth Red = We love our Community!  Share = "O" for Orlando Yellow background =  utdoors: The Sun/Warmth of our People  Blue Stripes: The Lakes (Eola) & The Sky (Anyway it flies! ) San Andres or Burgoma cross, main element of florida flag and with marked historical center reaching back to the institutionalization of the territory in the  olonial period of the spanish. besides, indicate the membership to Florida state.  Behind the cross in the top and in yellow color the sun and below,also in yellow color the ground that is full of that light.   At the sides the leafy vegetation which develops and charecterises this land.  Spanish: Cruz de San Andres de Burgoma, elemento carasteristico de la bandera de la Florida y del mercado caracter historico rementandose en le institucionalizacion del territorio en la epoca colonial por los espanoles.   Esta cruz indica la pertenencia al estado de Florida, bajo ella arribaen amarillo, sol, y abajo en amarillo, la tierra que es banada por su luz. A los costados la grandiosa vegetacion que desarolla esta tierra y que la caracteriza.   In this flag I have represented the three colors which in my opinion represent in the best way the city of Orlando.   Green represents the abundant and leafy  ropical vegetation of the area.  Yellow means the sun that always shines in the land of Florida. Last but not least, orange makes mention to the past of Orlando, to that period when the city was one of the biggest producers of oranges of USA and thanks to that the city grew up and developed.   The colors are arranged in the form of a beam of light, which crosses prism that decomposes the beam of light and let's glimpse the colors that characterize the city. Spanish: En esta bandera se ha puesto en valor los tres colores que para mi representan mejor la ciudad de Orlando.  El verde representa la abundante y grandiosa vegetacion tropical de la zona. El amarillo  representa el carasterictico sol que bana la tierra en Florida. Por ultimo el naranja, hace mencion al pasado de Orlando, a aquella apoca en la que la ciudad era uno de las mayores productores de naranjas de los EEUU y gracias a la cual la ciudad crecio y se desarollo.   Los colores estan dispuestos en forma de luz que atraviesa un prism que descompone el haz y deja que entrever los colores principales que caracterizan la ciudad. In the center, and referring to the abundance vegetation of this area, it is drawn a palm tree, as it is one of the most charasteristic plants in the area. In  he top, yellow color refering to the characteristic sum up the city and state of Florida.  Below, the orange refers to the past of the city, when and thanks to the great production of oranges of this area, the city developed and prosperous.   Nowadays the county which Orlando belongs to is still called County of Orange, highlightning the important post of this land. Spanish: En el centro y en referencia a la importancia vegetacion de la zona esta dibujada una palmera,ya que es una de las plantas mas caracterizadas y abundantas de la zona.   En la parte superior el color amarillo representando el caracteristico sol de la ciudad y del estado de la Florida.  Abajo en naranja haciendo referencia al pasado de la ciudad, cuando y gracias a la gran produccion de naranjas de la zona la ciudad prospero y se desarollo. Al dia de hoy el condado al que le pertenece la ciudad sigue resaltando ese pasado ya que aun hoy lo conocemos  como Condado de Orange. This flag represents the sun rising on Orlando, symbolizing a bright future for the greatest city of the sunshine state. The orange semicircle on left side of the  lag represents both Orlando's histoty as a major citrus producer, and Orlando's world famous charasteristically sunny weather. The green bar on the bottom of the flag represents our history as an agricultural center as well as our dedication to maintaining and preserving the environment of Central Florida. The expansive blue field in the top and right sections of the flag represents our bright future full of endless hope and promise. The clean and unique lines on this flag give it a modern but timeless look. When taken all  together, the flag can be viewed as a symbolic representation of what the City of Orlando can become: the rising star of Florida.  This flag depicts graceful arcs of water rising from Lake Eola in a refreshingly simple, elegant, and modern design. The arcs of water are represented by a white  ine that sprouts from the bottom center of the flag into two branches. These branches divide the flag into three sections, each with a unique coloring that has signicant symbolic meaning. The orange section of the flag represents Orlando's vibrancy, especially in regards to our diversity of people, local culture, and beautiful weather. The green section of the flag pays homage to our history as an agricultural stronghold, while also representing our future as we further our commitment to preserving and celebrating Central Florida's plant and wildlife. The blue section of the flag represents our bright future full of endless hope and promise. Together, these features combine to create a beautiful and meaningful flag of Orlando. The flag is made of of three bands horizontally, the lower on light blue, the upper orange colored, and the middle dividing the other two ib yellow. On this track  ind two semicircles, one of yellow color and inside that one smaller one of orange color. These nascent semicircle represent in themselves hope, and dreams, work, stregth and the construction of a better world for all. The color blue represents peace; The orange color reminds you that the city of Orlando is located in Orange county; And the yellow strip reminiscent of the Sun's belt and the period of great growth and development of the region. In common harmony the colors represent the location and the pursuit of values in the city of Orlando whose greatest wealth and gift to its tourists is the blue of the sky, the golden yellow of the sun of the new world, the beauty of nature, freedom, Equality and diversity among peoples: the dawn of every dawn, the birth of the city of Orlando. The City Beautiful.   On a field in royal blue color three semicircles are born as the sun, the largest of yellow color, a smaller one of royal blue color and inside that one of orange  olor. The semicircle in orange represents Orange County in the state of Florida, in blue the world the planet Earth itself, reminding of the world of Disney and that the city is a tourist attraction point of world attraction. And the yellow in the sun, the great star that illuminates the world, this still symbolizes the sun's belt, the period of growth and development in the region. And the field in blue represents the universe. In the ensemble of harmony of colors, symbols and meanings, the blue color resembles the blue of the American flag, and the sky of the city of Orlando; The yellow sun, and the development of the region and the orange county of Orange in the state of Florida. Together they represent the work, the struggle for equality and the friendship between the peoples. The semicircle in yellow also reminds us of a bridge linking Orlando as a tourist city with the world and reminds us that in times of darkness in a globalized world for growth and development we must build bridges and not walls. This being the message of the city of Orlando to the world, Be Welcome Here Live The Diversity. On a field in blue color two semicircles are born as the sun, the largest one of yellow color and inside that one of orange color. The color blue reminds of the  lue of the American flag, and the sky of the city of Orlando; The yellow of the sun, and the development of the region and the orange county of Orange in the state of Florida. I always viewed Orlando as a melting pot of diverse people. The black represents the pot. The blue represents the people it holds. White stands for love and  espect for one another that holds/bonds the pot and it's people together.  Same theory about the melting pot: Blue the people. Black the Pot. Red circle represents how I always viewed Orlando as the heart of the state. Not just based on its location but the people that make up the city have love for  ach other. Green represents the wilflife and greenery that is found all over the city and the state of Florida.  This is what my flag means to me. I put a heart with a pulse in it because it shows the spirit of the city to me. The background is orange because Orlando is  range County and the city means alot to me.  The blue The blue represents the lakes that sorrounds our city. The orange represents the orange groves of the past. The yellow represents the never ending  unshine and joyful spirit of Orlando. The three birds in middle represent all of the people who travel to our city. The large bird in the middle represents the people who have permanently stayed in our city.  The top blue strip represents the ever present blue sky. The bottom represents the water that sorrounds our city. The green represents the depth and cultural  ichness of our community. The bird on the far left represents the visionaries who made Orlando what it is today. The bird on the far right represents creativity in our city. The bird in the middle represents our melting pot of people that came from all over the country to live in our city.  "Love Orlando" Yellow/Heart = Sun and Love in Orlando  Orange = Citrus Bowl & Orange County Blue = Beuatiful weather and Magic  Purple = The People and Orlando City White = wans and One Love The flag shows the sun rising over Lake Eola and the refection of the fountain is shaped like a speaker and can be seen to represent music to denote Orlando's  ultivation of music and entertainment. I was Inspired by Orlando's nickname for the design of this flag. The white swan in the center symbolizes "The City Beautiful". An 'O' for Orlando is represented n the circle its neck and wing form, and it can also be seen as a sun. The rays form compass points and the yellow and blue rays show that people come from all over the world to Orlando. The white can be seen as a swan with its wings outstretched, and it stands for beauty and hope. The yellow is a sun and can also be seen as an "O" for Orlando. Purple represents Orlando's rich culture and sports teams. The green stands for Orlando's parks and its nickname "The City Beautiful".